three-two-one later today young Tim
Dylan will find out whether or not he
has the antibodies yes yes and if I do
I'm going to woo Han to do a like a fun
little video in a wet market and eat it
back if I have the antibodies it's not
it's okay is it safe I don't know what
this is yeah no one knows we've never
been in a time where literally nobody
knows I have a string of text messages
from alex jones yeah like that will
change your opinion if you if you smoke
enough weed and you know smoke will you
ever weed I smoked a lot of weed for a
very long time but we yes when I
discovered Alex Jones 13 when I was
smoking weed listening to him on the gcn
Network but when you got clean it wasn't
we that was a problem
no it was the cocaine and the booze and
the pills but weed was always there I've
never been a cocaine user I've never
used it but I do love that Buckcherry
song oh yeah it's great
that's great yeah it's a great truck
I mean don't do it if your problem Alex
left I haven't even gotten to them cuz I
got the ridge is a real I changed my
phone number not that long ago right I
change it every few months now yeah it
doesn't matter do you get random tax
from just anybody yeah Wren yeah yeah
but this is these are all all these are
voicemail messages and look at all these
videos you sent me to watch and all
these websites he's convinced yeah that
it's a weaponized virus that leaked from
a lab well there's a lot of people that
are saying that in wuhan obviously they
have that lab right whether it's a bio
defense or bio research laboratories
something there something's there
something in wuhan where the disease is
somebody sent it now this is kind of
convincing that maybe there were people
set back door selling the animals that
they were experimenting on to whet
markets like if you're broke and you
regard at the Wu hen lab you're like hey
I'm just selling bats and dogs for extra
money and he sold maybe one of the wrong
ones and now we have this issue really
where'd you hear that I mean that's on
the internet Joe
but now every theory has as much weight
as any other theory right now right now
because shit scientists that are
actually like one of the things they
found out is that the origins of the
virus in New York City it comes directly
from Europe apparently they can tell
that interesting somehow kind of no I
find out how they can do they trace it
back to like patient zero with the first
person so they did some sort of tracing
right because that's the new yeah I just
luck of Google and yeah we're working
together to get tracing software see
that's that's what scares me we talked
about that the other day if you have to
have everything on your phone like
showing that you're positive yeah you
know you have to have a phone everywhere
the call you have to take out your car
that you're positive to get into
Applebee's yeah Adam antibodies sent me
this this whole thing saying this is why
I have a flip phone yeah I know Adam
curry yeah the original father and he's
saying that he won't he won't do it
yeah most coronavirus cases in New York
City can be traced back to Europe not
Asia
research shows what is the research
though what does it say I mean research
tracking spread okra I determined the
virus has been circulating in New York
City for a couple months since before
the testing began genetic sequencing of
virus samples indicates at most the
early cases in New York originated in
Europe not Asia so it's some sort of
genetic sequencing research team studied
samples of the virus taken from 91 New
York patients as viruses evolved during
transmission from person to person their
sequences can help research this is what
scares a fuck out of me just that
statement as viruses evolved yeah during
transmission these fucking things they
morph and twist it sounds like it's
almost like a different thing with
different people like I was reading
about George Stephanopoulos and yes his
wife he hasn't his wife hasn't his wife
is deathly ill he doesn't feel a goddamn
thing that's crazy
yeah well they're all so the media is
not helping because there's a lot of
they're circulating these stories that
aren't necessarily the truth or they're
not like the media will be like
coronavirus lives 13 feet away from you
and then you read the article and buried
in the article the they go well doctors
don't really know if these particles are
infectious
or so it's like why do you have an
article where the boldface headline is
coronavirus 13 feet away 19 feet away
and then in the article you go well you
haven't even determined if you can get
it's very possible that's what they do
today
yeah new news is strange today because
they're just trying to sell papers or
write not papers you know the sell
clicks yeah they would they want people
to pay attention to their articles so
everything's clickbait yeah it's fucking
real weird man and then the other half
of that is nobody the guys who don't
believe anything were there on Twitter
and nurse we'll put something on Twitter
she's like you know you know it's been a
rough day and she's crying and then the
first tweet of guys like liar it's like
oh my god here are people who are like
you're a liar I know what's going on I'm
here conflict
yeah you're a crisis actor Oh show me
the ward like there's people being
demanded to get into ers you know show
me the ER well it's in there tick tock
nurses see
yes that's crazy well here's the deal
there are some places where the
hospitals are overwhelmed and there's
some places where the hospitals are
empty you know why yeah because the
world big yeah okay it's just like
grizzly bears right now if you like whoa
chrisley bears are almost extinct go to
fucking why Nomi and get eaten right
okay you might get right there there
yeah there's a lot of them in Montana
they're there yeah but they're not in
New York City but even in a hospital
that's not busy some nurse has got to go
let's not do the tick-tock dance today
some nurses gotta go hey guys let's not
do the tick-tock dance today
bullshit cut him a break do whatever the
fuck they want I don't know man even if
you're in an empty hospital in you're a
nurse
you might deal with a kovat 19 patient
you might get it you might die that's
tough
yeah it's very bad I say let him dance
okay this is what I need I mean this is
what I'm there's probably Kovac patients
dying while they're doing that you know
maybe not I don't know who knows that's
possible to believe I don't know
one day I wake up I go this virus is
fake the net
the next day I wake up I go I'm gonna
die today so I don't know what to
believe you know when it gets me ya know
the night in the middle of the night cuz
I'm a moron and I'd like to drink a lot
of water before I go to bed yeah like an
asshole okay so I wake up at like 3
o'clock in the morning would convince
myself I don't have to pay a mic please
just stay in bed yeah and then I get up
and piss like a racehorse and the
olympian then I start thinking like what
if it changes what if it gets worse what
it becomes like the h1n1 flu what if it
you know it it becomes as deadly as one
of these horrific flus but transmits the
same way that this one would it would if
it writing all these scenarios it's
interesting it's like I also think about
and I'm not saying the virus is not
Organa I'd oh no you know me people say
it could be man-made
but look at the world before this
happened right you had the yellow vests
protest in France you had the Hong Kong
protest you had a lot of populist
movements a lot of uprisings in first
world countries like France you saw
things happening that you didn't see
before and after the virus you know
after this has gotten bad now that's
impossible no you can't protest you
can't do anything now you can't leave
your house yes yeah but I think it's way
more likely yeah what we're dealing with
is it just a virus sure and that loss is
the consequences of the viruses and
things are getting locked down what's
really bothering me is this idea that
once you get control of people that
they're not gonna let go that if they
start taking away civil liberties if
they started moving you through
checkpoints when you want to travel you
have to and you're on your car you have
to wait and they have to you know scan
you or check your temperature like that
stuff I mean are they gonna let that go
once a vaccine gets through no I mean
it's like 9/11 all of that is still left
in place right all that the bold uppity
Wars yet all the powers that the federal
government gave themselves after 9/11
have only been expanded in the years
since Obama only expanded Bush and uh
you know executive power and he's been
able to do and now everybody's like
concerned now but it's like the time to
be concerned was probably
time ago you know because now these
things have become so big and so
Orwellian like I mean you know but yet
this is gonna be a problem do you I
think it'll be possible you won't be
able to get into maybe a sporting event
or a concert without walking through
like some type of infrared sensor that
detects if you have a fever
yeah for sure you know you're gonna well
they're doing it in China and China
they're testing your temperature fever
got yeah they have a little gun and test
your fan if you have a temperature they
put you in up and they mate you they
cremate you and put you in an urn so
it's a good way to get the virus when
it's young did you see the protests that
they did have where the people were
protesting because they're building a
crematorium near them
no that's hilarious yeah it's it's dark
I mean it's dark shark they don't want a
crematorium near them well it's not that
they they're protesting for a bunch of
reasons but the real concern is that
they're killing people that have the
disease you know concern is that they're
lying about the number of people on
disease like only 3,000 people died from
the disease 200,000 had it what killed
them right there done right 10 million
had it yeah they're there in an urn you
got it
what this guy the 21 million cell phone
thing was but locals protest against
cremation of dark no that's on it no no
there's a crematorium here I'll send it
to you give me just give me a second
fish you something with China they're an
efficient country and they're not
emotional no and they get this weird way
of putting it well it's putting a
positive spin on it yeah but I'm sure
that you know listen there are negatives
to that level of efficiency here Jamie
I'm sending to you right now
protests broke out in China last month
over Crematorium plans in Mal Ming yeah
Chinese riot police fired tear gas and
beat up protesters at Guangdong province
have you ever been there gifted shows
there anything like no but I have gone
through the airport in Taiwan they won't
admit is it's like Taiwan is not a part
of China according to them right China
thinks Taiwan doesn't exist and so the
World Health Organization did you see
that whole thing wouldn't it
meant that Taiwan was a place right they
were asking him about Taiwan he's like I
think China's done a wonderful job yeah
what about Taiwan he's like click honey
I came back well we'd lost you
right before we were talking about
timewise like yes well let's move on
China's done a wonderful job like like
they're in the pocket of little it's a
real country yes they're in the pocket
of China of course sure yeah but when we
were there what's shocking is they're
accustomed to violating people's space
right just bump into you I mean they
bump into you label yeah they walk right
through there's so many of them right
there used to just walking right through
you but I saw this old lady walk right
through my 10 year old just walk right
through her on a plane just boom knocked
her out the way my daughter's like what
the fuck
yeah she's got fucked up elderly Chinese
was this weird thing it's like okay if
this was if we were in Alabama I would
fucking crack this lady right but here
we are
instead culture yeah yeah okay
yeah she's not being rude this is like a
part of what they do this is what they
do just walk right over people yeah
there's a lot of people that's why
China's like we can stand to lose a few
yeah they don't know well they
definitely have a lower value of people
yeah if you have I mean this just makes
sense if there's a billion people you
care about them less yeah I don't know
how about we don't care numbers yeah we
don't care about people here that much
though here yeah you don't know I mean
well if we shouldn't care about people
we wouldn't be doing what we're doing I
know that we do care about people but we
also have you know a lot of people going
out exposed working in you know
supermarket it's places like that and
we're not doing anything for them you
know some of them some of them don't
have masks I mean I think that like
those people should get paid you know
holiday pay or extra pageant play you
know they should be given the correct
the right equipment they should probably
get some you know they should probably
give them some low interest rate loans
you know just a function of the fact
that the supermarkets weren't prepared
for a pandemic I don't they don't care
but they're also I think if you just
look at the fact that we shut everything
down well why did we shut everything
down
we shut everything down and protect old
people this is this is the whole idea
behind yeah Oh
people and vulnerable people right yeah
I know some young people died but it's a
very low percentage
yes it's mainly all people it's mainly
old people and they did a thing on
California how many people died we have
a very low number of people that have
died yeah do something like 30 people
died yesterday
yeah and that was the high yeah that's
not that's not bad no it's not it's far
less most of them were eighty people who
would have died had we let everyone out
of their houses yeah most of them were
like 65 to 80 and a few of them like a
couple or 40 to 60 yeah which that
starts to get yeah yeah that's weird
that's weird but you gotta want you
gotta go okay high risk category what
happened
were you on some other medication that
you're vulnerable when I already did you
have some sort of lung disorder we
smoker yeah a lot of smokers are getting
it hard man yeah I mean I don't smoke
every day but I'll have a cigarette
occasionally like outside a comedy store
and now I don't do that at all because I
don't want to be you know drowning you
know they say you feel like you're
drowning when you have this you feel
like you're you can't get a breath cuz
you're in you're dry and I don't want no
cigarette is worth that that's all if
cigarettes make a fine well that's a
good point but years from now but if I
do have the antibody test if I have
antibodies I will just smoked an entire
pack of Marlboro Lights William tonight
but listen this is what we're talking
about really I don't believe that they
know whether or not you can catch this
thing twice I know that's true some but
mostly hina people have tested twice
well that could have been a false
positive on either end or it could be
that you get it again it's true yeah I
don't think they know yet that's true if
this really is some sort of a man-made
concocted virus maybe that makes sense
maybe that makes sense that that's why
it's acting so weird it's different in
different people they don't understand
it you know I mean or maybe it's just a
really particular peculiar virus Ryan
that's why it can come back yeah
they don't know if they do know that
this mean this is a big NPR article
people are testing positive again who
had been confirmed as negative in one I
think yeah in China and then Korea they
had a few of those cases
I'm just the Korean ones way more South
Korea yeah the South Korea said 14
percent or something amount of people
seem to have tested
if again which I mean which is scary
because that could be another strain or
it could be like herpes it stays system
and pops out again like when your immune
system or if we've all had it in five
years we're all gonna die you know my
buddy Justin Renton he runs this he has
this nonprofit charity organization
fight for the Forgotten they build wells
for the pygmies in the Congo yeah and he
got malaria when he was in the Congo and
he got it again he's got it three times
but he got it one time when he got sick
when he's home he got sick at home and
with malaria came back oh it came back
Wow
yeah so like fucked that's fucked yeah
it's like it was somehow or another
dormant in his system and then when his
immune system was shattered by whatever
cold or flu he got the malaria kicked
back in again is he take it he take that
hydroxychloroquine I don't know what he
took he's taking a bunch of different
shit and he actually got really sick
what was that stuff that he said he got
sick from Jamie it's there's actually he
he actually had toxic doses of this one
malaria medication you're they've had
issues with soldiers and people that are
deployed in malaria infested areas where
they take this stuff and they get this
toxic reaction to this stuff and he had
taken much more than they were taking he
had taken a very large dose he didn't
know that it was like really toxic
control well yeah that drug the drug
hydroxychloroquine is working people say
that it is I've talked to doctors it's a
it is absolutely helping people but it's
a very serious drug you have to be
careful with it but they say it's like
the Lazarus effect people are getting up
and walking out of hospitals you know
like it is doing that these it reminds I
think good to think I mean Whitney has
some of it in her house doesn't yes yeah
she's got it all doctor she's got a
ventilator she's killing it she's got to
ventilate no I'm kidding I'm joking I
don't wanna get her in trouble no she's
got she's got the hydroxy she's got as
if from I said I mean she's ready she's
ready to go but that's the thing you
know if you've done well and you're
successful you can go out and get all
the things yeah you know that's
partially you know it's like guys like
me are in trouble but you know guys like
yourself you could get a ventilator
ventilator immediately almost if you
wanted a ventilator mmm that's great I'm
I'm
much more concerned with strengthening
my immune system right you know that's
what I'm doing do you think we take too
many over-the-counter medications and
that kills our immune system well for
some people they definitely do some
people take a lot of antibiotics because
my mother would take shoot a fetch you
take all that stuff ourselves terrible
bad for you yeah well one of the things
is ibuprofen Michael yo told me that his
one of his buddies who's a doctor when
he was feeling really shitty before they
diagnosed him with kovat 19 his doctor
said or this doctor who's a friend of
his said take I believe he said take
three advil or three three to five I
forget what the number was every what is
it how many milligrams are they
milligrams enough I think he so he told
them take three every five hours and he
said he immediately got much worse and
I've heard this from many people now I
don't know if there's a connection and
I've read that there isn't a connection
but according to Michael yo that was
when it was a tipping point for him when
he started taking ibuprofen these
non-steroidal anti-inflammatories that
stuff is terrible for you France said
not to take it France has taken seat of
benefit take the other veterans say
report on anti malarial that's right
mefloquine downplays side effects see
this is the that's the stuff that that
Justin took yeah and he took a huge dose
of it and he got really fucked up from
that stuff too
so um that's that's what disturbs me is
that things could could it could be a
virus that stays somehow or another in
your body
yeah that's creepy herpes is a virus
right I think so yeah keep that shit for
life keep it forever HIV you keep
forever so these are yeah yeah well HIV
at least your body tests negative are
they only testing for the antibodies
when we take this test yes okay well
they can do the test test if you'd like
to test test they not what they know
that don't be scared yeah come on I
think it would be funny if people were
getting that negative for a corona but
then somebody's like you do have HIV
like that would be hilarious yeah for me
it would be fine the doctor begs the
healthiest thing about you
I mean like aids helps you we'd be like
this is great
AIDS is fighting off the flu have you
had the thing done AIDS is like these
mind yeah right anything okay I was
hoping I had the antibodies but I want
the ant is I hope I was hoping that I
had caught it I want you guys here then
Megan McCain could go to Wu Han eat a
pack that would be fun
could I fly to China would I be allowed
to fly to China if I the antibodies go
I'm going to woo him you should do a
comedy special as Megan McCain she's
already gonna have me killed
so IIIi left her alone she had a
pregnancy announcement I'm like I'm not
gonna do a joke about that God blast
Congrats she hates me
do you think she does yes cuz know
somebody who knows her well she doesn't
like me you know is what it is I get it
it's fine I don't get it a lot of the
people I've made fun of in that sense
don't like okay but you're not really
her okay you're doing a character that
is that is true
I agree but people are very sensitive we
live in a very sensitive world I guess
and I did say she wanted to have sex
with her dad yeah but it was funny it's
very funny but part of that I think
disturbed her what made her mad what
made her mad is it she told a friend of
mine she goes I didn't like that he made
fun of my way which is interesting
oh that is hilarious I said she had a
baby with her dad she didn't care about
that put a wig on saying I'm you it's
not it's not exactly it's not you know
cause it's not flattering that's the
word yeah it's not flattering but this
is what comedy rarely is but now in a
pandemic everyone's got like the woke
shits got to be over now right on it's
coming back though whoa it's we're in a
pandemic I understand but the little
home with nothing to do from now and
then they're firing into writing
articles like this is a gendered crisis
well Bill Maher went hard to paint yeah
and he was right he was right yeah he
was also not totally right cuz he was
defending the use of the term Chinese
virus but really correctly termed it
would be the Wuhan virus yeah but
everyone right right everyone knows that
it originated in China yes but if but if
we called it the Wuhan virus it would be
his
historically accurate right this racist
we're gonna do hate crimes wouldn't know
if Wu hen was in China like they would
be like is ill that's why I'm saying
you're generalizing an entire continent
or okay an entire country at least the
enormous country it's just a subset a
small section of it that had the virus
well it's like the examples they used
was like Lyme disease came from Lyme
Connecticut but if if something came out
of Colorado and it was killing everybody
Rocky Mountain ticks would they say in
China they call it data and China would
they say the US flu the American bug I
don't know I mean someone in Chinese I
mean there's it's a way to generalize it
it's sloppy but listen this is the way
it's been done for years yeah but
there's a clear reason why look Trump
first of all they were in heated trade
negotiations with China right so he
wants to rub it in their face
China China yeah hang and he also wants
to take attention away from the fact
that we were not prepared and knew and
everyone knew not only him Nancy Pelosi
all of these people even foul Chi all of
these guys came out and said this is
nothing to worry about
but Trump is the president the buck
stops with him he could have ordered
tests he could have been more vigilant
he didn't do it so I think they were all
saying not to worry about it everyone
the World Health Organization January
the same in January they were saying it
does not transmit from person to person
yeah but if you listen if you're
skeptical of China and you're skeptical
the W the World Health Organization as
he's very skeptical China well you got a
yeah the World Health Organization up
until then had not been criticized the
way it's been criticized now of course
but you still have to I think if you're
the president you're in a leadership
position you have to be like wait a
minute what are we not knowing the CIA
wrote him a memo saying this could be a
big problem yeah I mean we knew we were
watching it happen for two months in
another country we're watching this
happen in China and I'm not saying that
he could have prevented the pandemic but
like dude get the tests give him the New
York give him a certain big area so you
know have a scale up the testing so what
do you think I didn't scale up the test
I don't think he's guilty no I didn't
scale up the test I don't know if it's
first of all is it him but who is he the
one who does that he's the president if
he said yeah
No like what do you say he should have
yes but I didn't even know what was
possible yeah I think he could well
first of all you could have the defense
production Act which I don't think he
could have invoked that after this
happened had to force companies to make
certain things right but there was a lot
of people that were thinking that this
was just gonna be like the flu if the
president the United States said we need
more tests for this there's absolute
absolutely we would have had more time
do you understand they didn't even have
a test yes it's a novel coronavirus
a new thing yeah but there were tests in
other countries were being used I mean
Germany did this right what does it do
they had more testing they've had
mortality rates they've had to cap the
mortality rates down they think there's
a bunch of reasons why Germany kept
their mortality rate very you know the
culture but but here's the other thing
you know rules better Taiwan did it
South Korea I mean now they're having
second waves but like up until recently
I wanted very few cases just right by
China but again a lot of it was testing
so I mean I think the China virus issue
helps him deflect from any and I mean
listen you you can't go out during a
pandemic when nurses wearing garbage
bags and falling down to go hey my press
conferences are getting the biggest
ratings that was the dumbest thing I've
seen can't do that I mean that's crazy
no that was just crazy but that's him
he's a yeah fucking weird guy yeah but
he also did shut down travel from China
that was good that was he's more saying
he's a racist
well that yeah well Chuck Schumer should
be held to account for that yeah yeah
they really should because that was the
correct thing to do I don't think you
could have prevented this I'm just
saying there's got to be a better system
than the one we have where states are
like bidding for this equipment like
there's got to be a way
and that $1200 stimulus that people get
aget is not helping anybody no no but
when you say states are bidding what are
you talking about I mean states are I
don't think the federal government has
the ability or we don't have the ability
to get States equipment so stage like
bidding for it there's something going
on with like a lot of states are going
outside the systems like secure there
which part part of their responsibility
is to do but it's just there's got to be
a better system going forward yeah well
they didn't see this coming I mean in
terms of needing ventilators like you go
back to November or December nobody
thought that three months from now the
entire country is gonna be shut down
we're gonna need ventilators everywhere
no
and we and and and some hospitals may
not need ventilators we got a look at a
city like New York and you got a look at
what's happening in China and you gotta
go there's a high population density
there we should probably try to shore up
some of those hospitals yeah I mean
otherwise what the hell does you know
this is the people who run the hospitals
the administration of the hospitals
isn't their responsibility to make sure
that they have PPE in place the fact
these people were in garbage bags they
don't have enough mass well I don't
think any hospital is prepared for a
pandemic so if you're I don't think
welcoming the gospel I think certain
people have to direct them to do that
right but when you're talking about just
masks how the fuck don't they have a
large supply of masks on that it's not
that I don't actually prohibitive I mean
that I don't know I have no idea but
they know now but there's got to be some
there's got to be some responsibility
you know either it might be state
government it could be local government
but there's got to be some
responsibility somebody fucked up
somebody fucked up but it's also a new
thing I mean we haven't had to deal with
something like this before well we got
h1n1 yet swine flu stop that I don't
know but haven't really sorry yeah he
said he was sick as he's ever been in
constant pain so he couldn't sleep I
don't remember hearing that much about
swine flu just drunk
he was probably hammered he probably saw
something about swine flu as he was
passing out and he's like I have spat so
I have swine flu that's what I have yeah
I don't know man it's um I mean all
we're doing is just talking yes is the
thing it's like everybody's sort of
talking around in circles yeah and we're
hoping again I tell people I'm a
microbiologist you know now because
nobody knows anything so I can know as
much as anyone else and the governor
wants to shut down this state for
another month today's the 13th another
month in two days which is kind of it's
not gonna happen I don't know if that'll
happen well what do you mean it he's the
governor people are gonna go out I mean
people get you know my friend called me
the other day cuz hey man you want to
come to an Easter thing I'm like wait
what he said yeah it's only like 12
people I'm like I don't I don't know
each other
I'm like you know and then he sent me
pictures of it it looked beautiful but
you know I was at MIT was in Beverly
Hills that man I really later have more
debt well I mean hopefully they are you
know because I didn't go sigh hope yeah
I I look now and I want to choose who
dies I go I'd like them to go who do you
choose just friends of mine that I've
had enough of yes people I could what
gets you is it you know what gets me
yeah when they lie about how well they
did on stage well that's annoying go
that's it there was a guy in Long Island
who used to used to tell us all the time
when we were very young at comedy sit in
the green room and he would give us a
speech about how to do stand-up and they
did go on stage and bomb horribly and
they need walk offstage and then look at
us and he would go they were good you
would just walk out like he wasn't even
there some people aren't even there yeah
they don't even know what's happening
they don't know if the audience is
applauding or not well they put up a
shield they put up some sort of psychic
shield to protect themselves from
reality yeah not good a lot of people
are doing that but it's not the case
like those the guys who give the most
advice in the green room before they go
onstage the ones who suck the most yeah
there's always the horrible no nobody
and I was in sales nobody who ever made
money gave you advice they just walked
by you like you didn't exist everyone
it's true everybody who's making money
walks by you like you're not real when
when when somebody starts bullshitting
like in sales I used to give people
advice I would close no deals no money I
would literally make no money he's
selling I was selling with subprime
mortgages oh boy yeah but but it was
good for a while and then the government
got involved and ruined that ruin that
we're just trying to help people yeah
and you know people deserve homes Joe
whether they have jobs or not they
deserve to have a pool they were giving
people homes with no job that's the
other thing and then everybody goes back
and they're like everybody was you know
the the banks robbed all these people
it's like they were in on it everyone
was in on it everybody buying a house
for the most part knew what they were
doing
mmm they all knew yeah yeah all the tea
would have taken what somebody thought
they could pull it off you know call
somebody be like hey you know you know
you know your brother owns a Toyota
dealership in Queens can he say you work
there and they go yeah yeah of course
some guy would just write like yeah
Sarah works here she kills it makes
eight grand a month sling a toyotas on
Northern Boulevard none of it is true
and then we give her a loan for $400,000
she buy a house yeah and she buy a house
and then she see those and then what the
thing about the the changing of the
mortgage payments yeah that's what two
years you would get there was something
called to pick a payment option I mean
it's great so there are four options to
pay you know usually a mortgage you pay
your principal interest taxes and
insurance here you had four one was like
you could pay one percent like a credit
card pay one percent you could pay only
interest that was the second option you
could pay 30-year regular option or you
could panic a 15-year if you really
wanted to pay it off quickly nobody paid
the fifteen in the thirty very few
people did the interest only they did
one percent so that deferred interest
and it so you would pay your mortgage
and it would balloon it would go up like
you would pay one percent and your
mortgage would go up every year and then
eventually you got to a point where then
it would just readjust and your mortgage
payment would go up like $2,700 and
didn't your mortgage adjust with some of
them depending upon the market yeah so
like two years into a loan two or three
years ago along I had a house I bought a
house was 22 this was not smart but when
you're drunk it on cocaine you I sold
myself a hot like you're not supposed to
700,000 what $650,000 yeah well you know
that's a big rule you're not supposed to
scam yourself myself that was you know
acre lot going back was deep I thought
they were gonna developers we're gonna
sell like I would just stand outside
mask poke at cigarettes being like
developers are eventually gonna buy up
my yard like I was you know on drugs and
I thought this was all gonna work out
and I had a two-year mortgage and then
it ballooned and it went from what it
was to like you know it went up like how
much you paint a month I think at the
beginning it was 4400 in the beginning
that was a good payment and then it
would like guys yeah it was bad that's a
lot a lot of money inning it's a lot it
was a lot of money yeah
to the house yeah I rented the house out
what did it balloon to it balloon to
like well over six so yeah it was if it
were well over six and then that was the
first adjustment yeah it was her Tommy -
holy 22 and I was working in mortgages I
thought it was gonna work out
like I thought we were all gonna be okay
because everybody I knew was you know 27
years old and they were making $30,000 a
month and they were driving like you
know Porsche so I said this is just
gonna go on forever so at present axes
George W Bush said we were building an
ownership society you had to make a
hundred grand a year just to pay your
mortgage yeah after taxes yeah yeah yeah
yeah it was it was it was destined to
fail but when I look back now it wasn't
smart did they take it from you but I
don't know I just left one day what I
just walked out
yeah just one day I left I mean you
can't stay whoever's calling possessed
it yeah I would imagine they took Jeff
he was 10 years I mean I'm in LA now
dressing up as Megan McCain so I would I
just got my credit reestablished
recently I just got a real good year I
just write you as a cosigner on
everything I wrote no but it's it's 7
yes 7 years before it fell off the
credit report I had a buddy of mine who
knew that he was going to go bankrupt
yes was in the 90s like early 2000s yeah
so he decided what he was gonna do was
get a bunch of credit cards and run them
up like good for him that's the American
dream so what he did was just go to
strip clubs yeah and go crazy with his
credit cards for months and months and
months and never paid anything yes he's
gonna do and then went bankrupt this is
smart Trump's done at a bunch like
bankruptcies to move you know I didn't
bankrupt bankrupt his business is
dropped he filed chapter whatever
chapter let me smart a lot of people do
it I'm just a way it's the way to live
you know what's interesting you can
never do that with student loans
well student loans because they think
that whatever money you make in your
life is the direct result of the money
they gave you to get that degree even if
this is what's interesting even if
you're not doing anything that has
anything to do with that degree they're
like listen fucker we
gave you that money so you could be a
vet tack so you're you owe us you
wouldn't be doing your shitty job if not
for Sallie Mae I don't think they even
think about it though you don't think so
well then they just thank you let's talk
to you when you're a kid when you're
your fucking frontal lobe isn't fully
formed
yeah and they force a loan on to you
yeah you don't want to be a loser I
don't feel any of those kids I don't
feel bad for any of them no because they
could have sold subprime mortgages you
know fuck them listen I went to
Community College and dropped out I
don't feel bad for anybody who takes
$200,000 out and gets a degree in Gender
Studies
it's you know fuck them whatever pay it
or don't okay gender studies I hear you
yeah but the thing is like the reason
why they're doing in the first place is
because they don't want to be a loser
and then they get strapped down with
this insane amount of debt that's true
that turns them into a loser
well a lot of them aren't losers a lot
of them are just paying back something
and it's annoying right
cuz there's people that are getting
their Social Security doc yeah and
there's one there's he heard a sound
blood to pay it back it is bad but I
don't think the majority of them are not
because here's a thing if you buy other
things you go bankrupt you don't have to
pay it back right but you have to pay
back your student loans no matter what
so my advice to those people two-degree
hey the student loans and then fuck
everything else you know I mean or don't
get a student loan or dope it's not the
fact that it operates under a different
rule and it's the one thing that seems
not mandatory but really really really
enforced I mean it's a thing that's like
encouraged by extreme go to college get
a degree well don't you think that's
changing don't you think people are
gonna start to realize it like college
in and of itself without a very specific
goal is probably and the reason that the
student loans are this expensive is
because the government backs them right
so that's the whole reason they're
expensive because the government
guarantees them the same reason that a
lot of health care is expensive it's
like companies know a percentage of it
is going to be paid that by the
government it's guaranteed so I think
you just gotta kind of decouple the
government from a lot of these schools
and then schools are like okay we can't
charge 40 grand a year because no one
will pay it well
I'm hoping is that it's going to be like
like my kids right now or in virtual
school interesting their home yeah
they're sitting in front of the computer
and the teacher like gives them examples
and they talk about things the teacher
can see them in little windows zoom
whole life is the teacher can click on
each individual person see them full
screen and ask them about stuff the kids
can talk about it they're in flow it's
right it's real weird man because yeah
here's the thing you know if you're
paying whatever the fuck you're paying
for um what is a say if you're going to
a real gonna Yale what does that cost a
year 70 grand 60 grand something very
expensive a lot of these courses are
available right now online if you just
take a Yale course
why no MIT has yeah didn't Lex Friedman
talk about that that the courses are all
available online for free interesting so
you can go there in person but that
seems so retro why do you have to go to
a physical place I guess there's a go
social these people don't have people
can't watch their kids right that's the
big problem it's really child care like
if you look at what schools are it's a
way to get your kid out of your hair for
eight or ten hours a day because most
people have to go to work they don't
have any they don't have they can't
afford to pay somebody to watch their
kids what do you mean I mean school
school for little kids yeah even in high
school they learn socially yes it's not
just structured environment it's also
experiencing being around people and
learning how to interact with them the
weirdest motherfuckers I've ever been
around we're homeschooled
yeah homeschooling is interested to die
who was home-schooled and he's so
fucking awkward and he's in his 30s yeah
he's just so he doesn't know how to hang
yeah you can't hang he never learned how
to hang he's no one's ever fuck with
them yeah he doesn't know he doesn't
know how to deal with people jib and
jabbing him and just fucking around with
him right no smart guy in terms of like
he could rattle off fat why did his
parents homeschool religion that's it
part of it it's a lot of it man most of
them deep real Christian stuff yeah yeah
auntie VAX to hold a vinegar it's gonna
cure everything we get a trust bill
melinda gates you know what the vaccines
i mean they're going all over the
third-world sticking a needle and
anything I mean those are they are you
sure listen you try to help people if it
works cause pause what what do you think
would be their motive first of all bill
Gates literally has 90 billion dollars
he's trying to good things with his
money and trying to use his money for
philanthropy sure yeah but hold on the
idea that these fuckin crackpot
conspiracy theories have that Bill Gates
is the Antichrist because he wants to
get people inoculated from vaccines with
vaccines and viruses that he's somehow
or another trying to control people Bill
Gates has everything yeah he doesn't
need anything great he's not trying to
get anything more he's making no
attempts to control markets no attempts
to get to like a thousand billion dollar
percent he's not doing that by using his
foundation to try to help people get get
healthy help people get internet yeah
help people get running water they have
I mean listen they've done things in the
third world like they've they've
introduced certain vaccines and stuff
that have had adverse health
consequences for people like what um
there's you can look it up but this has
literally happened I mean they've been
involved with things worse like when you
say something like that yeah I want to
get sued yeah for the richest man in the
world and you're going to he's coming
after right now I will I will I will
gladly get in a high-profile legal
battle with Bill Gates right now about
vaccines what do you think about
vaccines no I think they're fine for the
most part but if he wants to sue me
because it's something I said on a
podcast let's go well what could only
help what I'm saying he did no no he
went he went I I don't research these
companies but I know for a fact that you
know he's been involved in vaccine
things that did not go well where'd you
read this I read it cuz its planet
sakaar no no I read it this is this is a
fact this is a reality you can't just
listen people have vaccines when you're
saying yeah it's a fact yeah you
have to be able to reference what you I
don't if you don't you don't really have
enough information to say it's a fact
well it's something that's been reported
and it's been credibly reply who I mean
by what I'm saying no it's been credibly
reported AIDS Foundation accused of
dangerously skewing aid priorities by
promoting corporate that's not what
we're asking we're talking about adverse
reactions to vaccinate but but say that
a but let me see that article title
again what a bizarre title look at this
accused of clerk on a please dangerously
skewing aid priorities by promoting
corporate globalization what does that
mean I need quotes around everything
everything's in one umbrella right like
his company his his his health
initiatives all of these things work
together and that you know you have to
trust it everybody's motives are pure I
don't think he's trying to depopulate
the world but you know these people
stand to make lots and lots of money if
people adopt certain vaccines right or
certain things that are you know maybe
medically advantageous maybe not make it
necessary maybe not yeah there's
definitely an issue when money's
involved with any sort of treatment yeah
and this is one of the issues that a lot
of the conspiracy theorists bring up
when it comes to ventilators that a
hospital gets X amount if someone gets
brought into intensive care and then
they get Y amount if they're put on a
ventilator so they're saying well
there's a motivation to put people on
ventilators yeah perhaps I would hope
never but there have been cases of
people doing surgery and people that
didn't need it there have been cases of
people doing things to people and
treatments on people it wasn't necessary
to provide you know something so they
wanted to make money and they do things
to people just to make money not to make
them better that has happened I think
there's something in India if you look
at Bill Gates India but I think yeah I'm
not making a stop I understand but do
you understand what I'm saying that
you're saying something as a fact and
you have literally no data I I have that
I have the data I just can't recall the
exact name of it that doesn't mean it
didn't happen
but but you don't know if it happened if
you can't I didn't go and investigate it
and
the ADA okay we got contracts for that
thank you under fire from critics in
India well let's read it funded two
entities that have played a key role in
immunization program and are both under
fire for conflict of interest okay it
doesn't mean adverse reactions to
vaccines 2009 several schools for tribal
children Jesus Christ or where does that
we say those names the come a man come
on now even come on district yeah well
just get back in talung Telangana then a
part of undivided Andhra Pradesh became
sites for observational studies for a
cervical cancer vaccine that was
administered to thousands of girls so
it's a HPV disease that's a dangerous
vaccine that's a dangerous vaccine you
know those girls are whores okay forget
it
sorry no the vaccines dangerous yes that
HPV there's people have had adverse
reaction to that like a high number
the girls were administered by the with
administer the human papillomavirus
vaccine in three rounds that that you're
under supervision of State Health
Department officials the vaccine used
was a Gardasil manufactured by merck
yeah months later many girls started
falling ill and by 2010 five of them
died yeah that's all but that is a I get
it that's a controversial vaccine period
I'm just bored it's good but it's one of
those ones where there's a high number
of adverse reactions estimated 14,000
children studied in schools meant for
tribal children were also vaccinated
with another band brand of HPV vaccine
cervix
cervix I like when they like on the nose
like that Oh II get cervical cancer yeah
we'll call it server Cervarix
manufactured by GSK earlier in the week
The Associated Press reported that
scores of teenage girls were
hospitalized in small town North in
northern Colombia with symptoms that
parents suspected could be adverse
adverse reaction to Gardasil hmm so some
people died from this vaccine but it is
it Google HPV vaccine dangerous
reactions
I've read that there's a certain
percentage whether it's you know 110
whatever when there's some people get
when anyone stands to make billions of
dollars and institute something that's
going to be very widely accepted as now
necessary for life you know you have to
ask questions about it according to HPV
vaccine manufacturers the most common
adverse reactions to Gardasil include
include pain swelling redness stinging
bruising bleeding of the injection site
and headache fever nausea diarrhea
abdominal pain and it keeps going it's
not that bad I'm not saying that he's
doing something inherently wrong but you
have to watch people like that the fact
that nobody knows like nobody knows he's
you know this is not a well-known thing
I understand but the idea that this is
how he wants to make his money by fax
that's increasingly run by billionaires
whom tell us what is it is it necessary
and how things are gonna be right that's
true whether they're in tech whether
they're in health whatever they are
these are billionaires generally they
give these TED talks and stuff like that
people don't pay attention what they're
doing there they influence the political
system in ways that we have in ways that
we know about and don't know about and
you gotta watch these people okay I've
no idea what he wants no we're talking
about a totally different thing and I
agree with you see the thing is before
2000 let's say 2000 no one had any
inkling whatsoever that social media was
gonna have an impact on political realms
on the way you know just language what
what sort of discourse was allowed what
wasn't allowed would no one ever thought
that that this was gonna make an impact
and that these companies would literally
earn billions of dollars by selling your
data meaning what are you interested in
what are you clicking on yeah me going
to and that's what that's what they're
getting their money from there's a great
podcast that Sam Harris put out I wish I
could remember the guest but he was
talking about how we didn't know that
our data in terms of our search history
the stuff that we go to we're where we
travel to with Google Maps we didn't
know that that data was a commodity
right so we signed off on one of the
most valuable commodities in the world I
think it's bigger than oil right it's
gigantic yeah
and these companies not only do they
gather out this commodity but then they
use their influence to to influence
social aspects of our culture the way we
communicate what's allowed what's not
allowed and that's that's squirrely
because these people are a lot of more
socially attempts I mean all this stuff
you were talking about the beginning
when you say when they were gonna come
to and they're gonna say you need a card
you need this you need that the free
flow of travel how you're allowed to
travel around the country in the world a
lot of these people whether it's gates
or whoever are going to have a huge
input in those laws that are made and
they're gonna think they're doing it for
a good reason of course everybody does
everything because they think they're
doing it for a good reason I'm
necessarily you know a lot of people do
some people I bought my house because I
believed it was gonna work I bought it
because I believed in homeownership the
point is that I just think you have to
look into this it's not my job to have
every fact before I speak but not it's
not my job when you talk about Bill
Gates and vaccines and things along
those lines you probably should if Bill
Gates wants to tweet at me and educate
me later mmm we can fear the real fear
is that they're practicing with these
vaccines on poor people that's what
that's what they call the school a
tribal girls school no tribal tribal
girls school what kind of crazy Native
Americans I mean Bill Gates wouldn't be
doing that in Bel Air or Beverly Hills
you should you know I agree
grab kids start grabbing those tick tock
errs and fucking put needles in their
face those little Beverly Hills kids and
some private schools every day those
little pieces of shit give me a fucking
look cuz they know I shouldn't be there
but it's close to my house we're have to
walk we're into walking get air just see
other people Beverly Hills is so weird
because anybody could just drive through
it I know it's not blocked off I know
but I like that but you works like that
but you'll drive by these houses that
are worth 30 million dollars yeah look
at that yeah it's right there it's
turning mine ducks I know I can throw a
rock but that you know what it is gated
communities ruin the fun for people like
me that want to just appreciate other
people's wealth you say that until you
get rich why can't I know once you get
rich you'll be living
next door to me Iona come over and ask
for sugar if I'm allowed it still allows
me by the way you would have to vouch
for me with a condo board call I'm not
the kind of or whatever the people I
want to go out and get when I was a
little kid we would smoke pot we'd drive
around these big areas long and we get
inspired and we'd look at big houses and
mansions we get inspired how'd that work
out for you none of us succeeded the
point is it's nice to see it's nice to
see Christmas lights on a big mansion
you shouldn't be stopped at a cave well
what if you're a fucking psychopath well
that's a problem yeah that's a problem I
don't want to have to wait in the front
of my house with a gun you're famous
it's different rich people no one's
coming to kill regular rich people do
you know would you hear what happened
with Sebastian's cousin who was the
exact same name as him listen I don't
want to say do you know what happened
yeah but is that is that I talked to
Sebastian is it totally random some guy
so weird two guys came to his house they
rang the doorbell with masks on like
yeah fucking kovat masks okay he opened
the door art and they rushed the house
but his cousin knows how to fight
so his cousin beat the fuck out of one
of them you could wash it I'll send you
this young doorbell video footage of it
beats the fuck out of one of them in the
front of the house goes inside and kills
the other guy crazy dude you think it'll
a gun the guy had a big how it's just
they just his house yeah yeah the guy
they had duct tape they had tasers they
had all kinds of shit they were planning
on home invading and killing some people
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ just random in
the middle of the day by the way you
gotta have you well ya gotta have guns
and likes and answered the doorbell
because he thought it was his gardener
coming back cuz the gardener was there
and then the doorbell rang and he
assumed it was his gardener coming back
right and the guy is the same name as
Sebastian but if we yeah but then we'll
put gates everywhere then everyone's
gonna have a gate I mean it's just one
day I mean that's an example well I'm
just saying that sometimes people's
houses get broken into and this is one
thing that you have to think about
really think about yeah with this
economy going into the fucking toilet
it's gonna be bad it's going to be bad
30 percent they said on a plus 60
million people filed unemployment claims
it's gonna get rough well also the
businesses hasn't even haven't even shut
down yet the presences that can't get
out of this yeah haven't even realized
they can't get out of this yet right
some of them have but I think a large
percentage of them are still trying to
keep it together yeah we don't know so
when they go under all the people that
were working for them go under it's
gonna be very bad I've an apartment on
the first floor with a don't sell any
but a sliding glass door sighs why do I
want people to come in here come on I
want people to kill me
Wow no I'm kidding I want them to just
come in and gate that's gonna kill you
to do podcast and stick HIV vaccine I
have a concern for the tribal girls in
India I apologize I'm sorry about that
I'm sorry I haven't forgotten the tribal
women in India who knows if it was law
Robinson set me Baba these are good
girls and that yes they're whores and
yes have HPV right well they're just
keeping them from getting it from dirty
people like you
I support tribal whores the point is
this I was worried about getting robbed
as anyone because desperate criminals
will rot me good criminals will rob you
or try desperate people will rob me well
people are gonna rob because they need
money you know we're in a weird place
where the look if you're in Brazil
Brazil is a good example you have a lot
of haves and a lot of have-nots and if
when you go there one of the things you
see is barbed wire around people's
houses and long like tall fences and
walls and then crates of water on top of
it and then above that in the favelas
you see houses with no windows and dirt
floors it's crazy
Wow and they come down from the favela
AAB the rich people and go back up Wow
and the economy crashes the crime rises
radically so Brazil was doing really
well for a while and then went to shit
and so they're in a bad place now and
the crime is really ridden I should get
a gun my oh yeah for sure yeah but my
jujitsu instructor won't even go he's
from Rio he won't even go back to Rio
it's really it's too dangerous kid now
if they know you're American or live
here they might kidnap you could I get
money well when I used to do the UFC
down there it was fine it hadn't gotten
that bad yet look Brazil's great there's
a lot of great things that Brazil the
food there is fantastic you ever had
brazilians amazing there's a steak
houses and all that's great
yeah yeah I mean it's in the fucking
views it's like you think we're sliding
into that do you think there's a chance
America's sliding into one of those
countries where is this economic
collapse gonna be too much do you think
you know no yet no one knows this is
what's interesting about this in a bad
way yeah it's like mmm who knows man who
knows you know it's all weird it's all
weird because we're in uncharted
territory we've never in the history of
this country had a month where everybody
was locked down and stayed inside there
was some lockdowns apparently in 1918
during the Spanish flu but that was you
know it's hard to know what the
difference was between then and you know
when they were locked down with whether
they wore masks you know I got to go
back and I know at least for the last
100 years there's been nothing like this
so we don't really know what the fuck
we're talking about we also don't know
what's gonna happen when they when they
fling open the barn doors and say
quarantine is over sure our peas open in
the cloud yeah and China people are
catching it again I mean it's there were
second waves yeah Wow I mean I don't
know I mean I I tend to think that
people you know they did a study in Ohio
Ohio didn't have and I have the fax Ohio
Ohio you could look it up they didn't
officially close restaurants for the
25th but for the ten days prior to that
10 to 15 days prior foot traffic it
dropped 50% so people didn't need an
order or a law saying not to go out they
were scared they were scared
I went out on the Ford Jonathan I went
on the 14th I ma eat at this restaurant
in Venice Felix my favorite restaurant
yeah and it was still pretty crowded I
was fine yeah my wife really disliked
who I'm trying to let one of the last
places I was in was a Comedy Store on
that Monday night and I did an hour spot
and I was making fun of the virus I was
making fun of it I said that like the
God there was an Asian lady on my plane
she caught that we all beat the shit out
of her and everyone was laughing and it
was fun sounds racist Annie what well it
was and it was funny and those are often
day dovetail they dove tell that's what
it is
you know isms are funny you know yeah
and then
then I got off stage and the Asians
loved it they were laugh and we all
laugh because nobody thought this was
gonna happen well also many others don't
you really beat the fuck out of anybody
no no of course that's what comedy is so
they you know people in the room know
that you know if somebody written about
it they would have been like this is
inappropriate
well that following Friday I was
supposed to do a show in the main room
no not Friday Thursday and they called
me up and said we are going to shut down
the main room I'm supposed to do two
shows we shut down the main room and
canceled your shows and we're only gonna
open the or because the governor has
asked that groups of more than 200
people yeah should be banned such a
weird arbitrary number but they were
just trying to do anything they could to
think about this when you talk about how
Trump should have known better
this was our own government was very
conservative now about this not not
conservative obviously liberal but
conservative about the moves that we
make and this was in the beginning of
Martin the middle of March in fact they
were still saying groups of two hundred
people in March so this is all fucking
touch-and-go and today I don't think
it's helping anybody all this fucking
pointing the finger and blaming this no
but I think you mean that no but you do
have to look at a system ago we weren't
prepared yeah we should have been better
prepared right weak against Trump to get
rid of a pandemic team which I get it if
I had been President I probably would've
gotten rid of them too dr. sock
scientists suck so Trump was like get
him out of here he did get rid of that
team then was that his call well it's
his government when did he do that I'm
sure he signed off on him I'm hearing
that there was something where they did
shut down the pandemic yeah office but I
don't know the facts but I do know that
they reopened this they had a virus
hunting organization that literally
their their their job is to hunt viruses
to find out where viruses are coming
from and they just funded the shit out
of them I mean that sounds like a fun
reality show virus hunters like this is
we're dealing with one version of this
yeah this could get worse this could be
a new one next year that could get
another one the year could just be our
new reality just pandemic after pandemic
yeah
whenever it's civil unrest starts
happening in the streets they just go
here's a new pandemic
well probably number two the problem is
when you get large groups of people
you're gonna have large groups of people
that need food yeah and then you have
factory farming so factory farming is
the cause of a lot of these pandemics
and then this fucking wet market is real
similar in that regard this is in a big
diseases jump the vegans are kind of
this is this is a decent time right to
have their own immune systems right
they're making that they're making that
vegan point they're they're not know in
terms of like a calculation no but who's
got the best point is the regenerative
farming people okay though the Joel
Salatin people that have figured out a
way not only to sequester carbon but
actually they're taking carbon out of
the air and reintroducing all these
ancient farming methods where they're
moving cows around at different plots
and you know are the wet markets factory
farming now that seems pretty
independent no it's not factory farming
but as animals in confinement we're
surrounded by other animals living in
these unnatural environments that's what
it is
well what mark is a foul can you avoid
that when you got a feed a population
like that
well osterholm yeah you can feed him
bugs osterholm had a whole he was the
guy that scared the fuck out of
everybody when he came on my podcast but
terrified maze a whole section in his
book that he wrote from yeah years ago
from 2017 about wet markets and now the
next pandemics gonna come out of wet
market so we got a shot up we got to try
to persuade China to shut them down
they're not going to you know what they
did say they're taking dogs off the
livestock listing like yay good what
about bats get the bats out of there but
I mean it's almost like they're throwing
people a bone okay we're gonna we're
gonna no dogs we're gonna stop
considering dogs livestock oh but also
they're not they're definitely not well
neither you know but they eat them right
we pigs I don't judge that because they
need to eat right so if I was really
hungry and I had to eat a dog I would
eat a dog I mean these are just things
that we would have to do it's easy for
me to say but that's it's a lot more
normal to eat a dog than to do what they
do in Manhattan which just put them in
strollers and pretend they're children
yeah that's a little freakier to me than
a wet market is seeing like two 30
year-olds walking down the block
with a fucking Chihuahua in in a
bassinet you know yeah of course all
over New York dude really
yeah people in strollers I'm a dog mom
here's my monster yeah crazy and then
they put the dogs they dressed him up
they put them in strollers and they
stroll them down the street that is more
grotesque than a well-run wet market
when I see that and someone's Instagram
handle dog mom I'm like Oh spits bad
porkchop those are female like in cells
those are the that's corny he said those
are female in cells they are the people
like oh they're the other side of the
dudes where they just sit at home every
night and get drunk and they're like I'm
a grandma I'm such a grandma but they're
yeah just do the worst at comedy shows
cuz they're always offended they're
always white always white women offended
then what was part of this show they're
always liberal and then after they
heckle you all night they come out and
they tell you how great you are
they're like you're a god you're okay
it's disgusting
yeah it's bad there were some of them I
remember I think Eliza was gonna be at
the store and a lot of her fans were
there and they're you know and then she
didn't show up so then I came out so it
was a real culture shock because it's
they're expecting like Eliza and then I
walked out and like you could see like a
lot because the first three rows are all
hot white chicks and then they looked at
me like what the fuck
Eliza go what is this I had something
else to do something better to me huh
yeah so then they just called me and I
just hopped out of an uber and then
there was a lot of disappointed a lot of
disappointed Instagram models there I
came out and started yelling about the
Clintons killing people they were like
this is not the show we wanted we did
not want this fucking this the lady who
said that uh Biden did something to her
now she's saying it was sexual assault
yeah well they're gonna dig it if
they're smart they're gonna they're
gonna they're gonna swap by now well
he's kind of a meatball but he's a
better candidate than Biden but this
shows the hypocrisy of liberals that
they're not coming after him
they want Shawn they want him to be the
representative of the Democratic Party
here's the thing they are right now they
were wrong before like that here's why
they're right now and they were wrong
before anybody could comment anybody
with an allegation anybody could come at
any how high-profile when you say
believe all women you have to live by
them you got to believe Amber Heard you
got to believe everybody yeah you gotta
believe everybody seen all this Johnny
Depp shit I saw a little bit of it yeah
Jesus Christ there's audio tape yeah
where she's talking about hitting him
yeah and then there's a new video where
it shows his severed finger she threw a
fucking vodka bottle on it she was the
slight tip of his finger literally these
pictures of the finger and there's the
audio recordings of the doctor looking
for the fingertip they're looking for
the tip they can't find the tip like
where's the fucking fingertip and they
ruin that oh my God look at the blood
and you can hear them talking and she's
like violently sobbing in the background
so they decided to give her three times
whatever antipsychotic medicine there
aren't that she's on so she's on this
this dose they decided to jack it up to
3x whatever the doses but meanwhile this
is the land that had him me to Dan while
saying that he beat her and leave had a
mark on her face leave all women well
that's the whole thing so the Democrats
are now reaping what they've sown in the
sense that anybody can can approach some
you know the press with an
unsubstantiated allegation about
somebody who's high-profile I mean I
understand that women aren't just
willy-nilly lying about stuff but the
picture changes when there's somebody
who is a politically divisive
high-profile figure where there is a
huge incentive to knock that person off
right there's a huge incentive whether
it's Brett Kavanaugh whether it's Joe
Biden there's a huge incentive to derail
that person so I think in that instance
because I do believe that like most
women are not just making things up that
being said when you introduce politics
there's a whole nother level it's a
whole nother layer well for sure I mean
the audience agencies could be doing
this to know you know that could yeah I
mean I'm not saying this woman who
actually worked for Biden's campaign was
a foreign intelligence agent we have no
what I'm saying is that for sure men
have sexually assaulted women also for
sure women have lied about being
sexually assaulted those two things are
they
they're not mutually exclusive they go
hand-in-hand right people are liars the
people lie about the past hundred
percent people also are delusional
people are also psychotic and
schizophrenic yeah all sorts of things
are going on but this when you say
believe all women that is a crazy thing
to say but that's like saying believe
all people correct it's the same thing I
can't just so what are you doing you
believe the liars - do you believe
murderers do you have people that are
trying to get out of jail you believe
rapists you can't believe all people
right
you also can't believe all men well you
also can't believe all women that's
crazy talk do you believe Casey Anthony
no of course what I do know I'm kidding
she's the one that I'd make an exception
for she's like a good kid humans are
individuals and some people are fucking
crazy yeah I mean so he's I don't know
man but I think the bigger problem with
him is
he's he is in some stage of dementia
dementia I want to present he's unwell
there's something he's unwell I see he's
a folder either that or he may be just
as bad he folds under pressure he's
getting close to the finish line he's
just bumbling all his words and choking
and forgetting what he's talking about I
don't think it's that I think
something's wrong because you know why
there it seems like it's degenerative
like it seems like it's gotten it's
getting worse so that's why I think
something's wrong 100% yeah also he's
old as fuck yeah also he looks bad right
doesn't look like a healthy guy no a
second this weird lady Gaga thing today
with him and Lady Gaga where he's
talking about how no one should ever put
their hand on a woman who and I'm
watching this with because I guess Lady
Gaga was sexually assaulted but who the
fuck is ever going to watch that and say
you know what I was gonna put my hand on
a woman but now I'm not gonna go back to
that she looks like Hillary go panicked
on a story about it oh okay she has a
Hillary haircut interesting move yeah
look at it again it's actually old
because it's it's from 2017 Oh kind of
looks a little I was just coming out now
I guess people are throwing it around
now - what were they saying
I don't know nonsense but here's the
thing the they were saying no one should
ever put their hand on a woman of course
they shouldn't of course
but if you're thinking about hitting a
woman and Joe Biden is what keeps you
from doing it like what what I
understand the logic that's it odd I
guess maybe if you're a woman who's
being abused it could perhaps encourage
you to go to the authorities right
we couldn't perhaps I mean right but I
would imagine but by saying by him
saying no man should ever put his hands
on a woman who the fuck thinks they
should who's like they'd not disagree
man she just beat the fuck out of once I
keep him in line somebody saying
somebody said once it's like when
somebody goes hey I'm pro-family it's
like that's a controversial position you
know I'm Pro fam right but all these
public service announcements all that
kind of shit it's like okay who are you
doing that for yeah like who's out there
going I was about to rape but then I saw
Joe Biden and he's like don't rape much
he's got a yeah he's good and I just
respect them statesmen do what I do well
it's just that that's part of why nobody
believes anything and nobody trusts
anybody right that's part of why these
guys that are online are they go hard in
the paint with conspiracies because
these are buffoons like the people that
we have ruling us have been exposed as
like creations right now these people
everything they say scripted you know
all of them are are in the pocket of big
business interests and like and and
these people have been exposed so now we
don't believe anything we don't believe
the media the media said the Covington
kids were you know harassing this Native
American guy it turns out was completely
wrong right completely the other way
around
so you don't believe the media and you
don't believe the politician so it's
like gives you no one to believe how
much those Covington kids get they got a
lot right or no I don't know don't know
I don't know I think it was I didn't
look at the legal transcript I want to
get bring one of them kids on yeah well
you gotta get the main one the kid who
smiled yeah that is mine that that kid
should get a medal of honor for his
composure yeah he didn't do anything
wrong I walks in his face and starts
beating a drum
did we lose from us a child my god that
guy I would have sold that guy house
that Native American I would have
you'd be living in a townhouse right now
but yeah I mean but again so that's an
example of the media clearly lying not
even being wrong no manufacturing news
well they definitely distorted the facts
well they manufactured it you know so
well it was not what they said it was
right it was we had an image the image
was a smiling kid with a maggot hat with
a Native American guy and his face from
there they extrapolated something it
didn't happen we assumed because that
image that the kid got in the face of
the Native American man well it's their
job to do do some investigation and do
report it do their due diligence that a
thin air with a kid approached the
native guy and they were all chanting
they were doing a school chant they
weren't chanting fuck the Native
Americans they were doing a school chant
and the media went in there and just
blew it out of proportion apparently
also in Washington DC around that area
you could buy maggots everywhere right
so it's like there are these stands set
up you know I get kids well yeah if you
don't know what they're doing yeah it's
like if you're going somewhere and
fill-in-the-blank
you know beads everywhere right yeah
well this area they have maggots yeah
people selling shit yeah so they went
over and they bought these hats because
they're dorks cuz yeah meanwhile you and
I would have probably done the same
thing worse I would have absolutely done
the same thing yeah if we thought it was
controversial to wear a maggot
we're probably wearing mag absolutely
yeah especially if you're 16 you don't
know what the fuck you're well they also
listen they're allowed to support the
President or from Kentucky they go to
some Christian school it's probably
wacky but they went for some pro-life
March that's what it was or it was a
pro-life March and they show up to this
thing and and it's just it's an it's an
indication for us because sometimes I'll
be on Twitter and I get really
frustrated because people are like this
far is just fake and who you know how do
you believe CNN and I'm like okay guys
listen to things not fake you know but
then the reality is they've seen so many
instances of the media either
embellishing or manufacturing it's hard
to get mad at people that are Dennis
especially it's hard to get mad when the
Jeffrey Epstein story goes away and no
one cares anymore that the biggest
political scandal of our lifetime goes
away when no one cares about any of that
anymore
people get very you know they get very
cynical about
the information that's out there yes and
I go to war conspiracy people all the
time because they're like no this is you
know but the reality is I can't fault
them for believing in this stuff because
there's so much out there you know we're
in the no man's land of logic well it's
also when people have these preconceived
notions that they're clinging to despite
the evidence you know like whether it's
either either the seth rich murder likes
nothing to see here nothing to see here
right no it's not not like a guy was
working for the dnc yeah and a guy who
gave information of course WikiLeaks
have information to WikiLeaks and was
shot and killed we kept they didn't
touch his wallet or his credit cards
yeah
or his cell phone yeah yeah I mean
nothing to see here well it's just one
when you dismiss all conspiracies it's
the same thing as believing all
conspiracies yeah when you dismiss ones
that you like hmm well you know and the
the anybody see it got to the Jeffrey
Epstein one where everybody was like
everybody was like wait what yeah that
was one slow people down I mean the
fucking physical evidence a Michael
Baden report where he said there's not
consistent with someone hanging yes is
consistent with someone getting
strangled from the back yeah that's why
when i we you know with the queue and on
stuff with Eddie or Sam or any of those
people it's like I some of it is
probably true there are like a lot of
hot like very powerful pedophiles doing
horrible things but then from there
they've extrapolated it to go into this
whole story which I don't know if I
don't it doesn't seem like it's true
there's no evidence well I don't know
the Qun on story but I know that every
time someone starts talking about my
eyes glaze over and why well cuz you get
it's like religion you got to trust I
mean it's all they all say trust the
plan so they say that there's there's
the secret people within the the in the
intelligence community that are giving
us information and then with that
information we got a piece together
what's really going but it's all about
these child pornography or child
pedophilia it's all about these things
which do exist they hundred-percent
exist the problem is these people
believe that Trump is fighting them in a
shadow intelligence war I don't know if
that's the case right I don't know if
that's the case if it was does he have
the time if you're right bet I'm sorry
how does he have the time to shut down
the borders get the ventilators get them
well that's what they believe the virus
was a cover to go arrest all the
pedophiles and that they they were
freeing kids that were kept in tunnels I
don't know why
need to keep kids in tunnels but again
you got to take them at their word I
need to spark a joint I can't hear you
anymore you know you hurt my head
all I did was come on the show trying to
advocate for girls in India and protect
them for Bible protect tribal girls from
the Bill Gates Needle and Joe comes
where are your facts is that where am i
how insane is it that I need to know my
fast before I make a statement on a show
that's being watched by millions of
people yeah especially with the Qun on
stuff it's 20/20 the world's over I'm
gonna say what I feel is right I can say
what I want to say it doesn't matter
anymore
give me a prediction Bob 20 21 mid 20 21
August of 2021 Trump's winning again
that's that's not even that doesn't
count you know a friend of mine sent me
this it's really kind of an interesting
theory he said if you look at whenever
there's a an incumbent that's running
for re-election the the Democrats always
throw someone lame against him
interesting makes you think it's a unit
party makes you think it's not real well
it's also that they don't want to waste
anybody well it's also like think about
yeah Buddha judge and Chloe Bashar lived
give got real potential but it's
actually with a couple of years of
seasoning yeah sure if if Buddha judge
can you know he was the mayor he
abandoned that position because it
wasn't worthy of him right and then he
moved well the CIA told him it was time
to run for president whatever it's that
one point absolutely hundred percent he
one of his mentor's is a guy named Doug
something and people to judge was a you
know he was in the military but he
barely did anything he's always posing
with his rifle it's strange and again
he's just listen do you think he's
really good
huh yes probably maybe yeah he seems gay
though he also seems like he's this yang
you have to ask yourself when the
biggest companies in the world and the
biggest billionaire start lining up
behind the mayor of a small Indiana town
something's going on yeah same thing
when it was the governor of Arkansas
Bill Clinton something's going on I have
a friend who is pretty deep in that
world
yes deeply distrust that guy of course
he's like I do not trust a word
that guys know what somebody said to me
once you're gonna love this quote he
said the dangerous people aren't the
guys that were born rich the danger he
was they are dangerous because the most
dangerous people are the guys like Budaj
edge who will do anything they come from
outside and he goes there just it's raw
ambition they'll do anything to get
where they're going those people are
more terrifying than the Kennedys or
bushes who were born you know and those
families are murder and that's where
I've seen is to come along come on the
low come on in you're gonna get in with
all the tight people
Jeffrey Epstein associate Kasim Maxwell
sues his estate I'm good for her cause
she lost him seeking to recoup legal
fees to defend herself against Epstein
related allegations oh Jesus yeah she
didn't know anything about there of
course not how could she know anything
she was within 24/7 she was taking
advantage and I believe her I believe
all women I believe I believe just Lane
she's a woman is she she's probably in
Israel oh look a complaint filed the
Superior Court of the US Virgin Islands
oh that's where she is I think she's a
virgin islands she's being taken care of
by the Mossad you think so yeah it was a
Mossad up supposedly right yeah I mean I
don't have a exact on that but I I trust
my sources yeah you have sources I told
you some stuff about that of course is
crazy crazy
he's Dana White gonna buy that island
and do fight he's gonna do yeah fights
are gonna be on fuck Island gonna take
place after that temple you're gonna
hang a goat by its ankles yeah and slice
its neck yeah she's gonna eat it in this
country symbolize the start of yeah the
proceedings it's it's crazy man but I
think we're in this weird dystopian
future where you don't know what to
believe
yeah well we're we're definitely there
we're not there and that's gonna sure in
mind control by virtue of software that
allows you to read each other's thoughts
Wow
that's what's gonna we'll think there's
only one way to tell for sure we all
take the implant put it on the side of
her head yeah can't go outside where's
your implant yeah they get to put bio
chips under your skin they're gonna tell
all that cool headbands you know yeah
cool headbands that you were there
their style it's also like at a certain
point maybe that's just what we have to
do because you know what else we doing
in this country go it going to buffets
and you know eating fried chicken and
selling each other hand grenades you
taking cruises think I mean think of
foam that's right I mean how often do
you see people walking around and they
just have this thing in their hand yeah
there they go and we just think of it as
no big deal it's gonna be in your head
soon yeah but you know but go back 25
years ago that was not the case you
didn't see people walking around with
phones right didn't walk everywhere with
a phone in their hand no but now it's a
normal part of life yeah a normal part
of life will be you're gonna wear this
thing it's gonna be on the side of your
head and if you're lying it'll be red
that's creepy because I love to lie what
do you lie about my I mean everything hi
how are you good to see you it's so
funny so funny so funny so good it's so
good yeah so good we all lie a little
bit if you're not lying you're wasting
if I'm not lying it means I don't care
or you're wasting a lot of time didn't
show up to dr. Drew once I I didn't I've
totally forgot I went to the beach like
an idiot right I I was at the Trump Golf
Course at Palos Verdes I get an email
from the book of your mom's house and I
said are you finding parking okay I
panicked
that's why I didn't know what to do so I
should forget totally totally forgot
totally forgot they didn't send a
reminder which they don't have to I'm an
adult totally forgot was in the Trump so
I said okay what Trump so I said listen
my mother is sick she's on her deathbed
I started flying all about this line
yeah I've told it I talked about it with
onigiris and I said I said my mother is
on her deathbed I have to fly to New
York I'm so sorry ten minutes later I
realized there's a picture of me on
Instagram at the beach and you know
Manhattan Beach but why did I lie
because I cared I was embarrassed that I
didn't go so the lie was because I cared
if I didn't lie if I just emailed them
and went oh sorry fuck sorry I did
forgot that would mean I didn't care
because you mean you're a comic can you
forget about things I know but sometimes
you gotta lie to show people you care
about them hmm what's a good way to
think about it it's a pretty good way to
think about it that's the way the
government thinks they're like we lie
about you to prove that we care
really yeah guaranteed yeah I think oh
people can't know this they cannot
handle the truth like what
any salience all of it have you read
that book chaos about Manson the Manson
Family I see I've read some of it yeah
it's Fitzsimmons his buddy yeah it's
very there's gonna be interest we'll all
of that stuff in the CIA what was going
on in Laurel Canyon is crazy
there was this guy wrote a book Dave
McGowan and he wrote a book called weird
scenes inside the canyon and it's all
about this weird overlap between like
this burgeoning music scene and a lot of
like intelligence things in LSD Timothy
Leary all these things that were
happening in the Haight Ashbury and
Laurel Canyon like where they were you
know you know running operations
experimenting these mind-control drugs
on all these different people and like
cozying up to weird cults and it was
very strange through the books about
yeah I'm in chapter 8 now it's really
wild it keeps getting crazier and
crazier well once they get deeper and
deeper into the CIA mind control ops MK
and what what they were actually doing
and what they were allowing they were
like literally letting people free they
were telling people at one of the murder
trials to never bring up Charles Manson
don't talk about like he was the the
prosecuting judge or the judge rather
was being told to ignore evidence about
Manson don't bring up my shooting
attorney don't bring up man they were
being told to not bring up Manson
because the CIA was studying human
behavior and in order to do that they
had to get in bed with some very you
know nefarious characters people that
we're not just studying behavior they
were trying to get rid of the hippies
they were trying to disband the hippies
and they were trying to use people like
the Manson Family to attack people that
were in black rights movements and civil
rights movements they're trying to
destabilize a lot of the the anti-war
movement position groups they were also
trying to like create a Manchurian
Candidate see if they could wipe
somebody's mind clean and control them
yeah you know a lot of those
mind-control experiments went went back
to you know Operation Paperclip where
you had you know scientists that were in
Germany doing these really harrowing
experiments on people we brought them
all to America after this and they
continued a lot of those experiments
here you know
talking about operation too much until
the whole thing is like did it ever stop
that's the interesting part of course we
never stop her is it still going on
right now why would they stop
why of course why would it stop why
would they I mean when you go to
Operation Northwoods and you find out
that the Joint Chiefs of Staff had
already signed a document saying that
they're down with blowing up a jet
airliner and blaming it on can't blow up
a boat using Cuban friendlies arming
them to attack want Onam obey crazy
they're like if we could do this in 1960
if they were doing that in the early
1960s yeah what everything evolves right
there anything evolves yeah why wouldn't
that evolve it's interesting you and you
wonder what are our you know our the are
some of the things our apps you know the
new mind control like who do they look
at an app and see the way people are
behaving well that's why the
government's telling you to get off a
tick-tock
right and Google won't allow people to
have tick-tock on their phone it's a
Chinese
yeah there's other things oom they're
saying that Google saying don't don't
have zoom on your computer if you work
at Google interesting well kazoom
collects I think a lot of data from your
phone or something like that like it
collects everything I don't understand
compromised there's there's certain
security problems with the application
and that the president of the company
that created it said they fucked up the
CEO said they fucked up that there's
been some fuck-ups I just don't think
that they expected this many people to
start using it that quickly and I think
a scaled-up because of the pandemic
everybody was like what the fuck I
didn't use it they were gonna do a call
an Easter call and they were gonna put
20 people on it my family and my little
cousins like do you want to come on this
I'm like dude let's stop and then he
told me it was hard it's 20 people we
got elderly people on there who don't
know what's going on they just being
told to look into a phone they have no
idea what's happening there's 20 people
half of them a drunk in their home they
haven't seen the outside in a month and
they're all screaming over each other
it's like yeah this isn't a good use of
anyone's time no when also they're doing
these comedy things did you see the one
with Christ with Bert and Sandler no
that's what probably the worst thing
I've ever seen yeah that's when Bert
said he called it yeah yeah yeah I saw
that he has no idea what Sandler's done
he didn't even know Sandler apparently
was a comedian
he thought saying there was like a
fucking call happy gilmore eco happy
Madison or something yeah then he said
I'm gonna watch jus like he not on catch
MC said what precious gems or something
yeah precious gems
yeah that's didn't know uncut gems and
also he asked him if you were to film
one movie for the rooster life what
would it be
he's like my on like morning TV and I
just was it if Burt was trolling
I thought Burt was doing this on purpose
yeah because it was brilliant you know
certain things right go I think he might
be a genius because he does certain
things I'm like did he do that to just
get that level of no okay trust
that's just Burt when he's not drunk
Burt's not drunk he doesn't even know
what reality is why is his air feel so
weird it's like why is the sky blue he
doesn't know what the fuck life is but
he's very smart in terms of like savvy
marketing he's good well he's relentless
he's relentless yeah yeah he's he knows
a lot about that stuff so something's a
lot about being relentless yeah
sometimes I'll see something he does and
I'm like that's smart well he makes good
little video promo yeah specials and
right that he's good at that yeah yeah
he's good at self-promotion it's very
true so I didn't know if that was real I
didn't know if he was really asking Adam
Sandler he had Netflix and I said that
seems odd to ask some but if they have
Netflix when he's made movies for
Netflix fucking somebody is he doing
that as a as it bit I'm like oh good job
no he doesn't know what he's doing
and he's making noises with his mouth
and then trying to like figure out what
they are in real time that's what it is
I mean yeah that should never be not
drunk
alright wait a minute you're flipping on
this because she's never be sober yeah
she'd be drunk all the time
okay entry she just be drunk he's like
he's amazing when he's plenty strong if
he's talking publicly but actually we
did a podcast the other day he wasn't
drunk for the beginning and then we
started drinking and then we started
smoking a little weed let's come on
that's just here you go he said that he
had been sober the entire quarantine
except for that one day is he worried
about karana
oh yeah he should be he's on high blood
pressure medication
I'm in a lot of song I'm a bigger guy I
don't know if that's gonna be a proper
you know Joey's a bit like oh you know I
mean I don't know how much that matters
but it's gonna be good it's good it
definitely matters it matters for your
immune system yeah you know are you
taking any CBD do you take CBD at all no
but if I could take CBD that wouldn't
give me hikes I'm sober so if I know
this yeah yeah yeah CBD md has is that
good for the immune system yes
this actually won't try this this is uh
what is it kill cliff with 25 milligrams
of CBD not a lot that's coffee I don't
really drink I don't know no there's no
caffeine what is it no it's just I'll
taste delicious I'll just drink the
whole show what is the what is the best
thing you could do for your mute system
if you don't want vitamin C vitamin C
take a lot of vitamin C's but
particularly I like taking it though
yeah because it ensures you're gonna get
a specific amount of it I take 4,000 I
use of vitamin D every day as well okay
I think that's that's really good I just
started like a regiment of vitamins
yeah yeah I take this I own every day
that I take I'm gonna take a packet of
vitamins every day did you when you took
the test were you like hair wanna you
you would wanted the antibodies or you
were just like I don't want any karana I
would like to know that I had it and it
bounced right off my immune system you
know yes the thing is I asked okay does
this mean I was not exposed to it he
goes no he goes it's possible that you
were exposed to it but your immune
system fought it off before it ever got
to your bloodstream with this antibody
test means is that was in your
bloodstream
and your body fought it off interest oh
there it never got into my bloodstream
but he said it does not mean you weren't
in contact with it cuz when I came back
I came back from Vancouver and I was
sick and then they diagnosed it as strap
but they also said that's a common
co-infection and a lot will come early
March March 3rd oh I think I'll find out
in a couple hours I think I think I had
it I think I had it I beat it really I
think I had it I beat it if I find out
and of course I didn't and they're gonna
tell me no they're gonna say you don't
have it but if I have those antibodies I
mean it's just gonna be buck wild
there's a gum just gonna get on a plane
and go to New York did I send you the
video
gaion Thunderfoot that guy from youtube
yes yeah he's a I think he's a chemist
and he's worked at CERN really really
intelligent interesting job he's making
these YouTube videos on kovat 19 and how
really how dangerous it actually is and
his estimates are that if we opened up
everything you could get death rates as
high as 300 thousand a day yeah which is
like what yeah that's crazy
that would collapse the system right I
mean we could Jamie that's the council
to reopen America I feel comfortable yo
I feel comfortable woah woah woah
Kushner's on the council yeah come on
these are his kids how is that how is
that not disgusting well this is part of
the problem with his administration even
his conservative fans don't like this
well there's seven people and two of
them are in his family like even Ann
Coulter has said listen this is not what
anyone signed up for giving your kids
jobs that is so crazy that he's taking
this girl who's like 30 years old and
her goofy husband and that is those are
these guys health people they're all
financial people right or any of these
any of these people have anything to do
with health I don't know who's larry
larry cudlow is an economic adviser he
was like a big Coquette in the eighties
what about he was awesome I mean he's
fun yeah yeah there's this slide there's
things in a book about him doing coke
Bill Gates is trying to kill everyone
anyway moving on and Wilbur what about
Wilbur Wilbur Ross is the commerce
secretary right I mean I don't know he
looks like he is a demon who's eating
children officials I mean look at his
face look at his face and he Tommy he's
not eating a child in the woods maybe
saris right he's like yeah outsider mark
Meadows looks like he's being
blackmailed currently yeah yeah what do
they blackmail mark for I guess in a
fictitious world this is just women tie
him up and shit on him shit in his mouth
or on his chest they tie him up in in in
in in the bedroom of a rich girl yeah
they probably hit him and he tells them
to take video yeah yeah he calls them up
because I can't believe you have that
video maybe a little find a copy too
they call him optical give me money give
some money
yeah that's happening there a minuchin
yeah he could sue me if he doesn't like
my new shouldnt do you think his wife
fuck someone gloves on I don't think
anyone fucks him I think Manutius got a
hot wife though he probably does you
have a lot of money you get a hot wife
you know a lot of those guys a lot of
these guys do that's how they get money
right they get money so they can have a
hot one the whole point otherwise why
would you get a lot of money Thailand or
a hot wife but like if you really had
billions and billions of dollars and you
didn't have a hot wife like what are you
doing with all that money fucking a lot
of different hot women on the side yeah
keep them quiet yeah yeah I mean that's
part of it right how much you got to
give them to keep them quiet a lot not a
lot no but what keeps this here's the
thing with a lot of these guys that are
just money people like what keeps them
working it's the same thing that's what
keeps us too and stand up it's just the
desire yeah I think it's just a desire
to be good or great at something and
just continually do something and get
better and better at they want to make
more and more money there's an endless
you can never be that like stand-up is
great because you can never you never
feel like you've mastered it right and
and I think money's great because
there's always more and more to get so
these guys that get so it's a way for
type-a personalities to just throw
themselves into something that they'll
never fully master you know they're
addicted you get addicted to it we all
get addicted so it's just it's a game
they're constantly playing and they're
always looking to be in the black yeah I
mean I know some guys at work isn't very
successful guys and it's just like it's
it's akin to a religious experience
that's how they feel the most alive when
they're winning when they're winning
they feel the most alive like we feel
really good on stage that's where we
feel alive because we feel really good
creating right creating when you have a
bit like this when you put a bit a bit
or a video clip like they're making
McCain yeah anything yeah those things
you're creating and once it launches
you're like haha we did it yeah we gave
birth we we did a thing that was
creative and funny and that's why
podcasting now thank gods I don't know
what the fuck I would do if I wasn't
making these little videos and
podcasting I don't know what I would do
I mean this has got to go somewhere
unless you're right I will get sued
these poor Fox that don't have podcast
yeah well a lot of people that I've
sympathy for them they kind of convey
thought that the stage
was a constant mmm and a lot of people
believe that every was like nobody could
take away your stand-up you like bill
burr was like it can't take away your
standup or your podcast everyone
everyone believed that and then you
never thought about a fuckin pandemic
you never thought that like one day it
would be illegal to gather how long are
you gonna wait before you take the Bill
Gates vaccine you know I will I'll think
about listen I'm pretty confident
trouble I've beaten this and I have
antibodies so I don't know that I need
the back to find out I think I have it
I'm gonna talk big because I think I
beat it but what happens after an hour
and a half of it comes back like nope I
will say the tester I will say the test
is faulty I will not believe the test no
I will take the gates vaccine my concern
is for the tribal women yeah I will do a
microchip in that this is what we got a
watch this is what we got a watch we
have to watch these people tech people
scare me a lot more than financial
people because financial people are
crooks you can see him coming a mile
away tech people think they're doing
stuff for the greater good then it's
they're more cult leaders it's very
dangerous when you have all these people
that are supposedly altruistic and
they're they have all of these you know
and they're operating pretty much in the
shadows you don't know what they're
doing you don't know where this money's
coming from you know but also I'll
probably take the vaccine I'll probably
take it
do you wish during this time that you
smoke pot yes do you ever thought about
starting up again no because I think I
would get too paranoid yeah that's part
of the fun I know like I think I feel
about secondhand smoke can you know yet
smoke it you smoked last time was fine
beautiful you smoked whatever you want
hmm
you know just keeps me together no you
got to do it I'm gonna go on a
ventilator while you do that I'm just
gonna sit here I'm just gonna sit here
and on an event but you haven't been
tested yet is Jamie gonna get the
testers out everybody's gets the test
everybody gets a test man you go under
let's do the test every realist great
yeah I'm excited we know the results
right away 15 minutes and then D'Elia is
coming by tomorrow I'm gonna give
deleted the test I'm excited man fucking
show and listen let it keep him 13 feet
away because I read something online
if anybody yeah listen I report you
decide when if you had covered right now
with this
detect it if you like yes because you
have the Animas right so but so if I had
it now and I was asymptomatic it's gonna
say hey your body's fighting off the
kovat fuck Wow interesting so this is
the big one yeah okay test the blood
yeah test the blood and then also the is
it a pity and quick wondered yeah going
real quick Oh King prick okay can do the
fucking swab of your brain cavity -
that's a little bit like that's a little
much some people go for both tests cuz
you really really really really want to
know but the I don't think you need the
but you got to do the blood first cuz
then you don't need the Brett you know
you know what this has made me
concentrate on more things that I enjoy
that's true I've gave it giving up my
carnivore diet even though I really do
enjoy the carnivore diet yes I want
pasta yeah every now and then you gotta
do something I've been doing things I've
been playing a lot of a lot more pool
listen man you make nonsense do you want
to go back on the road like you were no
one does right nobody wants to be back
on a plane every week anymore
right I still of comedy I want to go on
the road but like we were all on the
road every I was on a plane every
Thursday well you kind of have to do it
when you're building markets yeah well
I'm gonna have to do it but I've been
thinking about doing a residency in LA I
was thinking about yeah literally having
shows every weekend in LA and then
occasionally going on the road like like
getting a small theater and I remember
who used to do that was it Eddie Izzard
it might have been Eddie Izzard who did
he did a residency in LA right off of La
Cienega where he was performing almost
every weekend it's a good idea how a bad
idea if you have like a 500 seat I mean
up again if people could start flying in
is normalized to a degree was it Eddie
yeah he booking people yeah people can
come out again and at the trepan e house
so he had a mini residency back in 2012
that's what it was because I mean the
amount of traveling that I was doing now
I think to myself I'm like you just put
yourself in a lot of risk out there you
wear your immune system down well it's
also it's a drag but um but there's
people that it like they're in Milwaukee
or Cleveland or whatever they want to
see they can't afford to come to LA and
get a person hotel room and all that
course you're gonna want to come to them
every
you have to yeah but I feel like all
that 20 weeks a year that's that's a lot
I was on the I think I had 37 book this
year and a lot of them went away already
and probably more of them well the were
seven weeks I mean it's crazy the worst
I had was when I was doing the UFC 22
weekends a year geez yeah that was crazy
that's a lot it was like every other
weekend I was flying and then stand-up -
yeah but I wasn't doing as much stand-up
because those are the days also when I
wasn't at the store okay those when I
was banned from the store okay and it
was also the days where I just had a
dumb idea that I could just do theaters
on Friday night and do it like every
weekend where I'd be fine yeah it really
wasn't wasn't enough yeah stand up just
it's like if you ran every weekend you
in shape you know you're in kind of
shade partially you can run every
weekend but you're not ready to rock not
ready to go yeah that's how stand-up is
- it's like you can feel comfortable now
people are coming to see you
you can go on stage and perform but
stand-up is like there's no real
shortcuts now to do it right you got to
do it yet first of all I believe a bunch
of things and they're not true with
everybody but I think you have to go to
the clubs yeah and I think you have to
go on stage at least four days a week
and I think you have to write and I
think you have to listen to your
material now you can get away with not
doing one or two of those things yeah
but those seams they seem to be the core
tenants for doing your best 100% I would
I figured out like I build stuff on a
podcast sometimes like I will talk I'll
talk for an hour week on a podcast
that's a great way to kind of build
something yeah that's that's a good way
Stanhope told me I listen to my podcast
back oh and then pick out chunks of it
that I'm like oh that could be funny
well your podcast - one of the things
that I like yes almost like you work
yourself into a trance yes well you just
of ranting trance yes
yes yeah it seems like you have to build
up momentum I do I do I don't talk to
anyone for the whole day
it's true I'll talk to anyone for the
whole day and then when my producer
comes over with the studios in the
apartment and then we just I just kind
of go well I have all this pent up and I
just go and that's like you know that's
worked really well cuz it can be really
funny yeah that's what it's really funny
cuz it's just like out there raw
sometimes the funniest stuff is just I
haven't ever said it before and you
don't have guests I don't have gas I
don't you haven't like BRR yeah it's
real interesting yeah just me I think
that's really strong for developing
material it sets yeah and it's funny you
know people come to me and go that's fun
like it's not a it's people go there's
enough of it that's really funny and
that's sometimes it's ludicrous I'm
being rude Chris but they they give you
that room yes yeah they have that really
does that - yes daliyah's and Theo
doesn't have to just ranting yeah no yes
you're not horrible no you just don't do
it I just don't do it enough there's I
fucking sucked at it for years go back
and listen to the early podcast it's not
good at it you don't know when you're
being annoying I'll interview somebody
and I'll ask them a question and I'll
answer it yeah and I'll go you know what
you know and that's because you have a
thought and you want to run with it
right it's just it's different things
yeah and like the ones I do with Joey
are different than the ones I do with
Duncan which are different than the ones
I do with Delia or with you it's like
you have a dance you're doing with
everybody and sometimes it's hard to
figure out what what steps you're taking
and yeah you know yeah it's tricky some
good ones we've had some we have some
good interviews in the archive but like
a lot of times I got to be very
interested yeah cuz you felt like
sometimes I've had guys had an ex-agent
honest very interested right okay when
when somebody comes on and I'm not super
interested in it I can't it's very hard
for me to still do it right we're just a
great thing about your shows when you
bring people on you give a fuck about
what they're saying that seems to be the
key yes like that's the key like if
anybody ever said like how did your
podcast get successful I think two
things one I only talk to people that I
want to talk to him so no one's pushing
anyone on me and people have pushed
people on me and it's not worked out
well the times that I've done it for
favors
it's
good yeah there's been some bad ones too
yeah that were just I wasn't interested
in what they had to say and I did it
because someone was like really trying
to get me to have someone on I got a do
I have to talk to the people that I want
to talk to it has to be my idea because
I've got to really be engaged I've got a
and sometimes people brought me ideas
for guests and it was good ideas and I
was really engaged don't get me wrong
it's not that I'm not open to
suggestions that it seems to be I have
to genuinely want to do it then it seems
that while it's happening I have to
really be engaged in the conversation
like I have to it needs to be or if it's
not organic man people get it they know
when you're hosing them yeah you know
well people know that yeah and most
people in their life which is kind of
what we've created lives where we can
kind of be you know authentic like we
can cut like most people have to file
into certain whether it's an office or
wherever and they have to just tolerate
bullshit yes and they have to talk to
people they don't like and you've
created a life where if you're not
interested in what somebody has to say
you don't have to speak to them well
it's also it doesn't mean that you're
not going to get things wrong and this
is what people have to understand like
you everyone's going to get things wrong
if you talk as much as I do
but I think I'm real honest about when I
get it wrong so you have to be able to
say like I shouldn't have said it that
way I should have done that but it
doesn't mean that you're not going to
get it wrong it's just you're gonna get
better at being you right like you're
you're really good at being you these
rants that yeah yeah burrs really good
at being himself
yeah those rants amazing yes he's
probably the best at just no pauses yet
no just no holds bar just runs right
through subjects with no preparations
great yeah he's developed
oh and Stanhope's really good at it too
like the Stanhope yeah his podcast yeah
kind of developed yeah because he
doesn't have open mic nights right yeah
I use it because in LA you know it's
there's just is less stage time than you
would have some other places even though
there's enough you could do enough and I
was doing a lot in the road but like
it's more fun for me to just go off
you're getting their last stage time in
LA
you were in New York New York you can
get up a crazy amount really well
there's so many clubs you can run from
Club to club to club to club
I mean guys like mark Normand could do
like 13 spots and and that I mean that's
inhuman but that's why he's he's so good
it's like you can do so much I like the
amount of stage time I get here because
the podcast is a great way to build
longer form bits mm-hmm than just
running where I have to get a laugh in
front of an audience you could do both
right of course so you could do the
podcast in New York and then just do 20
spots at night yes do you think that
would be the way to go is that the best
we know uh no I think it depends what
you how what your act is right so if
your act is quick boom boom Jelks boom
boom boom yeah a repetition is probably
better but sometimes it's better to let
an idea of ruminate on a podcast and
then to do maybe longer sets less
frequently people might want to build
that way it's so individual man there's
no like one way you should do it yeah I
completely agree and I think yeah
there's like a there's almost like a
formula we're getting onstage is a
hundred right yeah in terms of like the
amount of value you get for your effort
standing on getting on stage is 100 and
writing is maybe 30 or 40 yeah but if
you do it enough it accumulates money in
the bank you know in terms of like
numbers in the bank got it to it to get
and I think that listening to a set is
worth like 40 or 50 so writings worth
like 30 or 40 and listening to sets like
worth like 40 or 50 and getting onstage
worth a hundred yeah Ralphie may did a
great talk at I think I forget where it
was maybe the Comedy Store maybe The
Improv I don't know but you did a talk
on stand-up where he said he used to
play a game with himself we're like he'd
give himself points if he did a new tag
you know and then he said something
interesting he goes he goes when's the
last time you've gotten on stage with
five minutes new material nothing else
he goes because the first time he got on
stage at five new minutes yeah so is the
first time you got a stage of the balls
to get up with five new minutes mm-hmm
and he goes so when's the last time
you've gotten up with just five new
minutes off the top off there and it
makes you think it's a guy that's you
know that's a ballsy move to go out with
just a new five and go I'm just gonna
doing this yeah it's always bad than
beginning yeah do you think we're gonna
be starting over again when we get I
mean not starting over but when we get
back on stage it's gonna be it's gonna
be
the walk is a lot of us have gone oh
yeah yeah so I think I went through when
I when I was like in my 20s and I had
ACL surgery for the first time that was
like 90 fuck early 90s well I had never
been off stage for like two weeks before
right so two weeks later after knee
reconstruction I was going on stage with
crutches on I was like fucking I'm going
on Wow I was like I'm going up so I'd go
on stage and hobble with a knee brace on
yeah two weeks after surgery just take
yeah I have to do I can't not be upset
but then I went I forget why but I went
even more than that one time in like the
early 2000s I think I want a whole month
a month plus I'm trying to remember like
what's the longest time it's ever been I
think with me it's a few weeks for a lot
of us a few weeks some people do get get
do like maybe a TV thing or a movie and
it's like I'm on but it's it this is
gonna be the longest track I think I've
gone more than a month yeah but I'm not
sure how long whether it's two months if
you had to bet what when do you think
our feet touch a stage again late May
and I really yeah and I think there's
gonna be some weird shit where you're
gonna have like one table and then
there'll be like three empty tables and
then another table like a line of we'll
be like dot dot dot dot a lot of people
gonna be wearing around that's gonna be
creepy as fuck so weird and then they're
gonna bleep masks no dude I don't know
this is a post-apocalyptic stand-up what
if there's a flu that's 50% as deadly as
climate let's worry about the one we
have now is bad enough
I know but pop but it's not the people
that have died of the flu yet here are
way higher for now for now for now for
now for now but it's gonna go but my
point is like if we are upset that the
amount of people that have died from
kovat 19 if this is the last person that
dies and it won't be surely but if this
is the last person that dies what would
be how close would the flu have to get
to that for us to take commensurate
measures like if we found it like if
flew like I don't know what the number
is and I don't think they know entirely
how many people get infected versus how
many people die because I don't think
they really know how many people get
infected and if you co feed they were
saying that as much as 70% of the people
that get it or asymptomatic so how many
people really get it so if that means
how many maybe there's a lot more people
that got it and then they're just not
showing symptoms or is it we don't have
accurate data I think it's probably we
don't have accurate data right I think I
think a lot of people definitely get it
and don't have any symptoms because
there seems to be a lot of evidence of
that but I don't think they know how
many people got it we might have a very
small number of people that have got it
and out of those people the vast
majority show no symptoms but it might
be like 1% of the population has been
infected we aren't an art of the problem
of keeping everyone on a lockdown is
that nobody's developing immunity that's
part of it that's part of the issue
right so you're slowing the spread of
this but it's too dangerous to give
people that option of course of course
but eventually you're gonna have to
start opening economy people carefully
going out with masks and things like
that I think for sure but I think here's
something take out states that they've
told us that safe I order that how could
things on surfaces that's what I mean
but more things on your robe but but
here's the deal on that Diamond Princess
cruise ship only 17% of people got it
those people are living together very
close quarters like a petri dish yeah
and they're they're all breathing
recirculated air but only 17% of people
got it easy
so I'd it possible because I don't think
it's as transmissible as we think of
those cruise ships
it's horrible without a pandemic yeah
but I don't think but be imagine right
now
yes I'm high yeah if I'm in a boat right
now right so I'm in this metal thing
which is in the middle of the dark ocean
yeah especially at nighttime yeah right
ho you're in this thing floating around
literally in the center of the goddamn
oh who should get some strange reason
you've agreed yes beyond this this metal
yeah things of floating
which doesn't make any sense it's
brother scrum metal floating makes zero
sense yeah a giant metal thing floating
and you're there with those fucking feet
and you're there with the worst people
in the world and if you fall off the
side you're dead some people try to kill
themselves you know what's really this
is true some guy tried to kill himself
on the boat this is how sad this was
they saw him in the car oh they caught
him and they brought him back on the
boat so like literally at the buffet the
next day everybody's like that's the guy
that tried to kill him so like how your
your back you got imagine being at a
breakfast buffet after that let you know
sorry guys I was having a rough night
one guy killed his wife on a cruise
because I went on the a'practice with
Joker's cruise I went on one cruise it
was just to perform right me and a bunch
of other comics one and and I we were
talking to some of the cruise people and
they said one guy pushed his wife off
the side hmm yeah and then he just he
didn't carry what's like a tease night
he was dancing oh she's wife right off
the side she's just cruise people are
sick they're sick people some people
aren't sick like some people could do
that now here's the thing we're thinking
about it like it's the ocean I want you
to think about it like it's space okay
imagine if if there was this ship that
was going through space but space was
just like it was almost like there was
air around you where you could kick
someone off the side and they would just
fall - forever right right that's that
you're doing the same thing yeah you
just your would you be terrified oh my
god yeah and if you heard some shook off
would you've heard someone cough oh my
god what would you do what would you do
if you want a spaceship then you heard
someone coughing I think you gotta stay
in your middle in your little cube like
you gotta stay in your little room
everyone the Grand Princess was
sequestered in their room honestly how
is that different you be on a spaceship
in the middle of the sky yeah and you
hear someone crying you know I got
different we got to get out of here
there's a sick person on this spacious
not that different how much different is
it it's not that different uh yeah I
would say this I would say less pig
trash people could afford to go to space
for now for now back in the fucking
Titanic days it was a crazy thing to be
able to get in a boat and Ryan make your
way across the country
you know you're a peasant that's that's
just travel these cruises which is
disgusting ah but but the people my
point is it's not like the uber wealthy
people that are getting on these cruise
you know it's animals animals there's
their fat pig I could have been a
personal trainer on the bus I mean
people are looking at me like do you do
it you know no it's the old party doing
a task you know it's the funny thing on
that boat there was a little library and
I walked in I'm like has anyone checked
out a book or the guy goes no I'm like
has anyone ever checked out up like
who's checking out a book it's not even
good books it's trashy romance novels
but none of these people can read I mean
what is the drug policy on one of those
cruise ships can you bring weed on board
you can bring whatever you want I mean
it depends right it depends if you dock
at a cunt like yeah but in international
waters what are the deals you don't sir
I don't know if they search your bags I
mean people were bringing food on board
that was disturbing that's another thing
right like you're not in America no
you're in international waters and then
you dock like outside of this fake
little town in Mexico where they
literally bought the beachfront and it's
a third-world country and they drive you
past roosters and Shoeless guys running
around what are you showing me
that's right he got on the cruise and he
he came to his body right like drugs so
what does he got bladders and bottles so
he bought like those hiking bladders
that you put in your backpack we drink
water out of and he filled them with
booze but he's on a cruise ship where
they have all this booze yeah but he
wants to real deal stuff you know
they're gonna water it down they do they
don't give you shots I think they do
some that's even more outrageous I think
you gotta let you lose it up yeah if I'm
on a boat I'm getting drunk well I'm
sure there's different kinds of cruises
but the ones we're talking about like
Carnival like you know like the ones on
those wouldn't you want to be hammered
well there's people that's what dude
that's why people like oh why are people
leaving your houses there are people
that are like if I can't go on a cruise
and get fucked up I don't want to live
there are those people right now they're
like if I can't go to Applebee's I want
to live yeah there's people that are not
having a great time in America how many
people are like weekend
like every weekend they go on a cruise
so I was on I didn't the practical joke
there was an old lady and she goes you
know don't take Carnival it's very bad
we've taken it twice it was horrible
times although legion's good yeah they
just they just their cruise people I
mean just the lowest caliber of human
being to have ever drawn a breath how
much is how much is the worst cost like
if you okay let's say if you're drawing
they just got out of prison would say if
you're gonna leave Mexico and you where
would you go where would you go a South
America no you leave let you just go out
in the ocean and then you just come back
to some fake town like we went to Costa
Maya look up Costa Maya Mexica Costa
Maya Mexico is a place that's owned the
cruise ships just own this little
beachfront okay so it's like a trip but
you float around the water then you come
back and you come back and then they
just have these little stands on the
beach from $109 a person what did you
think it was how many days like seven
days no yeah it is that real of course
look at the big warning though the kovat
warning blow that up
yeah like you'll die if you do this
people don't care Lenny
oh please be aware of any coronavirus Co
vid 19 travel advisories and view
updates from the world health
organization due to unprecedented volume
of travel disruptions refunds may take
up to 30 days to process which by that
point you'll be dead like 30 days how to
take cruises right now yeah they're just
like lie about your symptoms to like
just this is the next one they have
available it seems like August 30th is
the first one they have available
already full people are going on that
phone bro dude August 30 it's gonna be a
party they don't give a shit they're
gonna get on in hospital gowns right
from the ER they don't care what they're
gonna do they're gonna do all the people
that have survived yes party we beat it
but they also would have the antibody
flavors they're all gonna have the
bracelets still be in hospital
on the beach but you know there's gonna
be one dude who lies about it
everybody's gonna come back because
there's a girl he's not enough for him
to cause genocide because he wanted to
fuck this chick who's gonna lie about
having a new advanced form that it
doesn't do anything to people that have
already had it right but as soon as it
gets into a new person it kills them it
makes so much sense that the virus it'll
get rid of us as a planet come from a
cruise the most disgusting unnecessary I
thought it'd be like tropical if
somebody with the war is nothing to do
with the water
you don't nobody swims like nobody gets
to the island and swims kind of a dump
people just throw on and buy shitty
jewelry they buy fake jewelry dude
there's a TV in your room on a cruise
and when you turn it on it's just
commercials for shit you can buy when
you dock at the island oh my god it'll
be a guy who's like I've been in the
cruise and jewelry industry for 20 years
it's like that's not an industry to the
cruise is $100 yeah it's a hundred and
they buy garbage jewels all you can eat
yeah and probably all you can drink
everything's kind of broke yeah I guess
you got a bad raciest thing we've ever
read on the show that's why people like
all cruises going out of business I'm
like I'll tell you they're not they're
not dollars that's a vacation for
somebody who's fucked so but wait a
minute it's not all booze included no
you got to pay for that's where they
make their money
that's why they sleep that's why they
sneak it on that's how they make their
money so the 25 bucks a day is just to
come on we're friends yeah for days
that's just unlimited fried food to
throwing you down your throat three to
five days for $100 109 imagine five days
of food for $109 this how we encourage
you to get off the wagon like what are
you doing you drinking water yeah well
I'm clean and sober for didn't tolerate
that what the fuck
it's a carnival haven't you heard yeah
you don't need to see your kids get
fucked up just get fucked up and we'll
give you AI begain did you know that we
in a cruise boat there's a little cruise
jail
swear to God they've a cruise do they
have a cruise jail if you do something
sometimes you've got to go to the cruise
jail until they can dock and have the
authorities come get you see if you
murder your wife you do something like
that you go to the Jews wife overboard
he's they throw them in the cruise he
went to cruise jail look there's a water
slide look at these people haha is what
it made sense when did they start these
things
dude there's comics that perform on them
oh yeah yeah they live in hell yeah
there's when there's something about it
it's just it's so strange and when I was
in Italy yeah three-day cruises for 325
bucks that was what I first started
85,000 I 95 that's what it was yeah it's
probably like air travel it was I was in
Venice they were there were the people
that there are locals there first of all
I mean I'm an intruder we're all
intruders there's too many too many
tourists it's like but they relied on it
too so it's real strange that's their
economy but it's also it used to be more
quaint and then what happened is
whenever a cruise ship would pull up you
would get what two or three thousand
people you had come pouring out at once
so when we were there to cruise ships
docked and it was crazy
craziness is this beautiful city and
then you have this grotesque cruise ship
with like paintings of dolphins on the
side it's so white trash like America
just and then they would fill these
river boats and they would get into the
canal area and they would filled with
people yeah and they would drive around
staring and pointing to things even like
wow this is nuts well now that they're
not around you have like things are
coming back into the Venice canals like
dolphins no no but I know all these
idiots are like oh it's not nice it's
like it's nice but the world economy's
collapsed it's not a good trade off
there's the people got addicted to
people coming in the tourists yeah but
if they only have like a limited number
it should be like a house party like
after a hundred people you can cut it
off yeah you can cut it off you can't
have cruise ships yeah cuz they kept
hitting the docks too nobody acts like
yes but you're gonna need them they're
coming back hard
cruises are coming back so big after
this I'm telling you think so people are
gonna feel in very sick country and
people all over the world people are
wild and people are gonna wanna go on
there are people that love cruises they
think they've discovered a goldmine
they'll be like 109 - people will tell
you I took a cruise for a hundred and
sixty dollars
it's so embarrassing that they would say
it but they say that you're like you're
right an animal well if you're a
non-drinker though most lady guess I
think it's so fun there's a certain
group of people in the world who've had
accepted their animals right and then
it's just fun how many people are on
cruises that are on a cruise every day
cuz it's cheaper than being homeless
if you Greenpoint if you go to a cruise
everyday if you're on a cruise everyday
you're really spending like a buck fifty
a week that's Carnival Spectre 150 bucks
a week you get a room and you get all
the food you can eat that is the crazy
deal you imagine it's secure for
homelessness and will cruise there yeah
that booze 24 hours a day or do ya know
it's like Vegas of course do you want
imagine that the freedom of being on
this boat this metal thing floating
around the ocean yes where you live
where do you live I live on Carnival
Cruise Line there are people that do
that Joe that literally live on a boat
all year round why not you should be on
a cruise because you're a person that's
the why not is because you're a person
but if you're not there are people that
dude the level of big on those boats
those are big boys and girls in like
Disneyland for five hundred yeah when
you meet people on scooters scooter and
they were going on the boat they were
going up the ramp onto the but there's
some fucked up about being on a vehicle
then somebody on another vehicle well as
long as cruise set sail from London oh
yeah the lies in September and a two
hundred forty five-day cruise do you
think that they're still out there they
they're all dead oh my god it's a Viking
ship the ship is just coughing it
there's more size of it lose that go
back is that a video yeah go go back to
the size of it when they pull up what
would they have Viking Carnival is this
a Viking you look a big but it looks
like the name Viking is perfect for
something like that no basis of the Seas
is the big if I guess that was filled
with Vikings and it came pulling into
your shorty but oh fuck yeah but this is
not Vikings eating herring
you know this is people who are just
they're a more shared Viking son that's
what it is there are more chefs on that
boat then doctors in the places they're
going like you're pulling up to an
island it's like two doctors and they've
got 65 people cooking so is this thing
still out there I was asked I mean I
just was googling like how long was the
longest trip a lot of them they're not
letting them their love not letting them
dock this was ninety-two thousand
dollars per person this is a lot that's
a big night ninety-two thousand nine
hundred and ninety dollars per person
which includes business class airfare
meals and a free excursion in each port
of call so these people just decided to
live on this thing for a year for almost
a year and see the world how many days
Jamey 245 ships free of kids and casinos
interesting Wow that's these are the
higher end ones even though they're
gross - yeah no kid no kid or casinos
that would have said yeah a lot of
cruises a lot of it's gambling it's a
lot of people that want to gamble but
this is a fairly small thing right it's
like 900 people it's interesting - they
have a world-class Aleksei like TED
talks going on on there nobody needs HPV
pills Ketchikan yeah folk there were no
TED talks on the boat I was on I'm
better imagine that's a great idea like
if you were an older person like a
couple and you're like you know your
kids leave the house it's doing here
let's hang out together let's do a year
on a boat to eat but did screaming all
their drunk around the third or fourth
week you go what the fuck are we what
the fuck are we what are we doing what
are we doing there's something weird
looking out just in water yes there's
something weird forever and going is
there a doctor on this and if something
happens what kind of doctor what kind of
doctor works on Carnival Cruise Line one
kind of you know what I mean this is not
the best it's not the best doctor
allegedly yeah he might be amazing might
be guy that's his we imagine being sick
of being in the Carnival cruise doctors
don't you'd be like just throw me
overboard probably experiment on people
oh god that's where Gates is fuckin
losing the vaccine he's putting them in
fat people on Carnival Cruise Line
they can't find a vein they can
experiment people in exchange for a free
fare yeah I mean it was one of the
weirdest things I've ever done I did it
three nights I performed those are great
cassava con is a great dude he invited
us all he also just stand up he's one of
the Joker's and we but I mean it's a
wild party over there and after three
days you're like get me off mmm get me
back and we left out in New Orleans
which is cool did you do with Chrysler
and Ari yes yes how fucked up this
Birkett on a boat you know I'm trying to
remember I don't remember being more
fucked up boy less fucked up than usual
I think he was just I don't know is he
was she was drinking I think was right
after so Brock to him yes right after
saw Brock Tober he was having fun
yeah who's enjoying himself but he's
never liked to it was hard in the paint
yeah I mean he's always handles himself
while though what's amazing about Bert
is how good a shape he's in oh yeah he
runs a lot yeah but I was telling him I
was like dude your body is so robust
he's got he's tough yeah like if you
didn't drink at all you would probably
be a savage yeah well he was very shape
young well he was in shape for sure but
I'm saying like the kid the kind of like
work
he's making his body go through every
yeah every day he's making his liver
process I know all that hooch but you
also said earlier that he shouldn't
speak publicly if not drunk no I should
drink it's he's better that way I guess
it's out there somewhere that ship ate
Canadians allowed to disembark from
Viking Sun cruise ship in Gibraltar for
repatriation what the hell happens to
the rest of them for repatriation it was
that imagine you're gonna live in
Gibraltar Jesus well what is it really
yeah I don't know but I mean it sounds
hilarious it just sounds like something
from a game of Thrones book yes
repatriation this has been announced by
the government which says that this
follows a request from the Canadian High
Commissioner in London for gibraltars
health help in repatriating the seven
passengers and one crewman yeah I don't
even know what the fuck number six says
the disembarkation took place in the bay
not alongside the cruise terminal
today they went to a smaller boat in the
bay and then were probably brought to
the yeah it says there's no cases of
Cove it died teen on board the Viking
Sun which had submitted a clear maritime
declaration as therefore clear to enter
the port that would be what would happen
yeah there would be a virus that runs
through us like fire through bushes yeah
and they would repopulate the earth
these tedtalk people on this fucking
cruise yeah Oh God 245 days what it is
well that's how you are sure in the
movie idiocracy if the only people that
survived are our crews pigs these are
the Ted Cruz pigs they're different ok
you're right about that
and also spend in ninety three thousand
dollars to do this thing but you're
probably older they're probably older
there's probably only a few young people
there's no eggs
yeah there's no eggs on that boat dude
it's the crew it's got to be the crew
the crew fucks their way and those are
weird to the cruise all people that work
at the fucking cruise is a weird - man
yeah it was very strange yeah like it's
odd there yeah they have to be those are
guys have partied in there just like
what if this was every night forever and
i lying into a comic at the poor i was i
was with the missus on vacation yeah and
i ran into a comic at a port in mexico
and he had just gotten off this boat and
the dude looked like someone stole some
of his essence like something they
looked like someone had taken like 10 to
15% of his what makes him a person and
he's been working on well it wasn't like
[Applause]
this was not that it was not that happy
feel that it was like it's like rock the
fucking boat and it's realizing like
this is what i'm doing for a living now
this is a tough one
yeah I'm on a boat I'm entertaining the
worst people in the world in the middle
of the ocean
yeah do you know who loves those things
though again shout out to Alonzo Bodden
Alonzo Bodden goes on Jazz Cruise well
this may be different that might be
different people that like jazz that's a
little different than just people that
go I want to spend $35 to go on a
vacation with my family because I can
eat on an on a floating thing yeah
that's I mean they don't even go and
like do anything cool yeah you'd have to
have a cruise and the cruise would have
to be populated by it would have to be
like people that are into shit you're
into absolutely yeah yeah and there's a
lot of those like there's there's
there's all kinds of cruise I mean dude
there's like I mean there's like sick
cruises there was like there's there's a
Walking Dead cruise where people dress
up like zombies I mean yeah you know
stuff like that's crazy what if we did a
working comedian cruise dear JRE cruise
what we'll only yeah only people that
are actual comedians yeah and their
significant others interesting
interesting we'd hate each other but
yeah I've days and this floaty thing in
the middle of the ocean yeah yeah I'm
someone would yell at Bert
we'd have to like sit down yeah I don't
be really mad at non time you get left
so I'm if you if we're gonna get left at
the first port yeah comics are all
irresponsible very much the funny ones
in particular responsible yeah most of
them are yeah most of them are a mess
yeah yeah they wouldn't they wouldn't
make it on board but imagine if the only
people that survived with the people on
that cruise and that would be in made
that's a that's a Stephen King typist
novel just the people aboard this cruise
ship now have to do but think of how
cool that is to be on a cruise ship and
sail back to an America where
everybody's dead well that would be
great left London though right that's
where it leaves it left London 245 days
yeah last week it said they had arrived
in Bali I was trying to track - imagine
you're in the middle of this thing that
you've been planning for a whole year I
can't believe we're gonna do it oh my
God we're really gonna do it right there
245 days why not the kids are out of the
house I love being around
yeah yeah it's gonna be fun and you're
in the middle of the ocean you found the
world's on fire how about those guys on
that show big brother who were being
kept in isolation at the gallery show
Germany they had no idea and somebody
had to stop them ago hey by the way just
to let you guys know there's a worldwide
pandemic ravaging the plague like that's
a crazy my friend Adam Greentree the
dude who shot that water buffalo that's
above yeah the head up there yeah it's
my bowhunting friend from Australia
was actually in the bush when the shit
hit the fan and he got back to his car
and someone had written in dirt on the
window call home asap something like wow
she is it down his Instagram yeah he
actually took a photo of it and put it
on his Instagram so he had no one I
think right after 9/11 it was Dawson a
car window somebody wrote this is war
get home asap Wow so that scary fuck
but he he goes off the grid he's a bow
hunter and he goes through these like
really remote locations and he just
brings a backpack and like a small tent
with him and water purification and
arrows any fucking go he goes and he'll
go for like six seven days like that and
so that's one of the things he was
completely you know so he left before
there was even talk of this he's got
that that's his back and that's that
little backpack said his this is a very
satisfying feeling in having everything
you need on your back first day into
some spectacular in New Zealand country
insta story uploaded daily so he was
just going up there and and by himself
with no one with him no no contact with
the outside world but guess he was still
updating his Instagram who's taking that
photo I when he gets back home usually
but this time he might have been there
yeah but either way so he comes back and
he finds that note on his car meep a lot
of what he does he does and he documents
for social media because one time back
in the day it was like two years ago he
was doing this 28 day hunt by himself in
Idaho and in Wyoming including like
encounters that he would stream with a
fucking grizzly bear so he had a grizzly
bear that was chasing after him he had a
faulty pistol on him I don't even know
that the pistol didn't work at the wrong
size in it yeah and he documented all of
it we started talking about on the pot
yeah so he he developed this like really
engaged social media following that
really gets excited with course yeah
when he goes on these trips actually
uploads so this is it see that's him
with a gun and see that if you could see
the gun
is not in the chamber it's jammed that's
why it's open like that I said well it
wasn't even fired and that's a grizzly
bear in the back yeah and she's got cub
with her and she's thinking about
fucking him up and she bluffed charges
him a couple times and he tries to get
away from Mary tries to walk away and
she followed him really creepy shit what
do you do in that instance
what he did he stood his ground and she
came charging at him he said she got
within several feet of him a couple of
times before she turned away what so
what makes it what do you think a bear
decides like at that point that fuck I
never know man it's either gonna decide
it's going to kill you or it's gonna
just gonna try to sleep decides to kill
you it's over it's over it's over
there's nothing you can do a gun that
doesn't work well that's the thing yeah
they would tear you apart like you would
tear apart a little baby chick like a
little baby chicken yeah that's how
they're so big and they kill moose yeah
killed deer monsters elk with her face
just grab ahold of em rip them apart
yeah they're so strong man the actual
keys are cute looking they look like
cuddly but they lurk they're not there's
like a 900 pound Rottweiler you ever
watched those things where guys like hug
them and live with them in last falls
yeah it's weird has holes very strange
you crazy fucks it liked Whitney
Cummings explaining to me how all these
Tigers are tortured I didn't really know
I didn't know about all that I didn't
know that they were drugged and stuff
well I think the Tigers kind of like
being showman I don't think that's
stupid the ones on tiger King yes I
don't think they were drugged moved yeah
yeah but they some of them look they
just look there in these confined spaces
it looks hell yeah it's not right it's
not right they're wild animals well it's
not just that I'm also their cats and if
there's anything that cats like more
than anything it's to kill they love
killing shit right and I don't think I'm
not saying that it's great that they
kill things I'm not like glorifying or
even joking around about this I'm just
saying think about what a cat is
let's think about a house cat house cats
are some of the most vicious fucking
monsters to horrible they walk to face
the planet all they want to do is kill
and they're not even a little hungry
they try to kill you they swipe at your
face they're trying to kill you yeah
they just know they are out gun so they
let it go
right they're so small and they kill so
house cats kill billions of birds and
mammals every year billions of them
right just to go outside and fuck these
things up yeah of course back inside and
now imagine being something like that
but it's you're 700 pounds yes all you
want to do is chase things and kill and
you never get to chase things you never
get to kill you just put it in a cage
yeah every now and then they give you a
bees you know wall my flag inspired me
from Walmart was what that guy was
feeding them bro and he's you know
they're tearing this stuff apart and
eating it but they never get to kill
anything yeah they want to kill things
that's their nature you're robbing
something of this nature it's like John
us we can't do stand-up telling somebody
you can't do the thing you enjoy exactly
yeah when you're built to do don't touch
your penis yeah you're telling them not
to do things you want to do and for a
cat it's like you're never giving them
that there's a reason why cats exist
right they're big and there are a
hundred percent carnivorous they're very
very very fast well why would nature
create something like that why would
nature allow something like that because
there's too many of the other things how
did the cat become domesticated like how
did it become the versions we have now
just like kind of a fat lazy to grasp
the animal good question Greek when when
did that because but didn't in ancient
Egypt they worshiped cats
worship them yeah there was very
interesting but it's also you know they
probably were amazed that cats would
hang out with them and I bet they were
dealing with like serve walls and
schiller
those freaky cats and a lot of people
keep it yeah cool cats the ones that are
never really your pet yeah no well the
cat you never owned a cat
well you never owned especially that's
never care those predatory looking goals
in the circles yeah of course you had a
bobcat in your yard
dude just walking around walking around
what are you doing that incident you
know well small my daughter took the
photo I wasn't there okay it wasn't that
small I mean it was about 35 pounds she
said holy shit it was my older daughter
so but the the she's smart enough to
know us yeah but the the thing about it
is like they're always going to be
around like we live in LA yeah if you if
you live in LA right
you're in the Hills you think of Hills
they hit just they that's the cat thing
it's cool-looking yeah if there's
anywhere that has coyotes and everywhere
a coyote everywhere everywhere Burbank
has coyotes well they could have Bobcats
too and they probably do yeah yeah
there's Eagles there's all this mountain
like bad bad Malibu that area dude
there's I mean the thing about
particularly like the whole Los Angeles
you know Pasadena has a problem with
bears bears going walking down an
alleyway on his phone and Powell yeah I
saw his flag is the bear yeah well yeah
it's actually a grizzly bear interests
California used North grizzly bears and
the last grizzly bear was killed in
Levesque or the last grizzly bear killed
a person in Levesque California and it
was named after the guy who was the last
guy killed by a grizzly bear and they
actually dug him up years later and his
bones were destroyed which is consistent
with a grizzly bear is where is that is
that Northern California it's like no
it's it's outside of Bakersfield like on
the dive if you fed that Bobcat would
have come back oh yeah yeah people do
dummies dummies freedom I know I know
dude his wife feeds coyotes she'll ask
raise food out for the car yes but a
bobcat like that's fun
they're both crazy yeah these pairs this
guy's pool it's great Pasadena they come
down off the mountains you know Pasadena
is pretty fucking close to the mountains
yeah so these are just regular bears
wild bears that live in fucking Pasadena
and what Cisco what's that Sheriff gonna
do shit bitch Pasadena has everything
man they got hawks they got mountain
lions they got bears and they have these
like really nice swimming it's great old
houses have you ever been
Pasadena beautiful yeah for the old yeah
Pasadena is amazed it's great yeah what
they say is this is that I don't know
who they are but they say that the Holly
internet fame people the famous people
in the early days of Hollywood lived
there the actors lived in Hollywood
Hills and the producers Bassett
yeah so they have these beautiful estate
you know they're gorgeous you know
yeah Wells like a gorgeous kind of like
that if your banana exactly like
beautiful Park yeah it's really nice
but Pasadena is just it's got a feel to
it it's like oh wow there's like some
crazy rich neighborhood it's like
stately mm-hmm
feels like an older cool neighborhood
exactly a lot of people drive Mercedes
Benz yeah they're conservative with
their money oh yeah those are wealthy
they pulled the lever for Reagan yes
yeah they're liberal at parties but not
when they get in the booth yes they just
want to keep that money
absolute hell a people like that there
are those be there woke in the boardroom
but then when they get in that booth
they pull the lever till like she's
gotta keep that hottie closet conserve
big-time there's one this one lady came
up to my wife and wanted to talk to her
about conservatism because she thought
that I was conservative for some stretch
it was like like you know we're one -
yeah we're one of those that's so funny
like no one wants to let anybody know
like they're vampires
you know it's like half the country is
concerned yeah but and then that yeah I
don't know why she assumed that I was
well you talk to anybody so you talk to
people that you disagree with you agree
with you have people on the show it's
also the way I look I think that house
yeah that's part of it too you don't
have black room glasses you're not 95
pounds you're not afraid of saying hello
to someone but it's it's a whole the
whole thing of having two parties it's
crazy I think it might be ending I mean
not like the the chaos of the moment
necessitates solutions that aren't
political mm political solutions aren't
going to work you kind of said it we
said pinning blame on everything like
that the the incentivizing of
politicizing everything is not going to
work we just need people that are
intelligent and and I think all the
systems are whether it's technology
whether it's health it's not the
solutions are not political it's not
electoral politics it's not elected
senator it's not elect some idiot who
convinced everybody in Texas to vote for
more so epic people in Long Island New
York to vote for them it's it's finding
the some of the people you've had on
this show people in that era on and
putting them in a room ago and how the
fuck are we gonna figure this out hmm
it's not guys that convinced people in
Virginia
that they were they had their best
interest at heart I mean it's just an
old system and it needs to be modernized
you might that's a really eloquent way
of putting it yeah you might have a good
point there that hopefully like people
recognize this is not serving them to
have these like rigid parties on one
side and that is and that we would
impose people are way more nuanced and
most people don't care they don't most
people are not a Republican or a
Democrat when you're out to dinner they
want to have money they want jobs they
want to be you know we just draw a line
and say you have to be this or that but
especially now with all these different
problems your solutions are not gonna
come from the the two parties it also
solidifies what's really important like
everyone says well you know what's
really important is family and love and
right yeah guess what that is really
what's really important it is it's not
that's not just rhetoric yeah that's
really important and you realize that
when the shit hits the fan like if
you're wealthy and you wrapped in a
mansion by yourself you don't have any
friends yes you imagine it's yeah I
could I'd love to imagine big truck
myself in a mansion can we arrange that
how many days a week do you think you'd
handle that uh seven the visit you well
no I mean listen people gonna like you
with a match that's the benefit of
having a mansion people like you they
tend to like you you have to be a real
dick to not have friends in a match
especially if you have parties right
yeah you have to be a real asshole for
people to go oh that guy with the
mansion fuck him let's go somewhere else
I get what you mean though family I mean
listen that stuff does you know listen
these are the things that are the you
know mm-hmm but not everybody has those
luxuries not everybody has that thing
you know it's true so there's a lot of
people that devote their lives you know
to other things or whatever and you know
yeah I feel bad for people that are
working at places where they're exposed
to this disease and they get nothing for
it so that's what I said earlier like if
you're working a grocery store and it's
like you're getting shit money and
you're being exposed to this it's like
we should do as a country we should do
something for you yeah I don't know what
it is maybe it's like hey man you know a
student loan we're taking care of it or
like hey you want a good interest rate
on a mortgage five years from now we're
doing it for you like we got to do
something for those people right because
if your job used to be stacking apples
now your job is you could die
stacking up stacking apples is somewhat
because we're all depending on those
supply chains and those things being
open yeah so if you're putting meat in
the package if you were at Bristol Farms
the store that I love if you're doing
whatever sale your spot that's my spy I
love it it's just great it's just it's
it's for new money it's for trash it's
not like irawan which is for healthy
people Bristol Farms is for millionaires
at want Apple Jacks it's like you know
it's like for you know yeah tick-tock
people rappers I saw a lady in air one
she was dressed up like a hot beekeeper
yeah that's what yeah she was so
protective goggles and the man's
personal farms like absurd it's like
people pull up in Bentley's and get
s'mores pie
they have s'mores pie at Bristol farm
it's like you gotta be a little gutter
trash you know but it's those people
need some benefit so that's what I mean
when I say it's a failure the government
it's not like it's not you can't pin it
directly on Trump everyone pins
everything directly no Trump I don't
think he's doing phenomenally especially
in communicating he's doing what he does
but I think the look at the system and
you go well we just passed a two
trillion dollar bailout with giving
people $1,200 that can't be the solution
well anything he does that's really good
gets minimized when he does something
stupid yeah right it's hard for people
to give him like that because it's got
about his ratings yeah it's be a
bachelor yeah that's not trolling if
that's not trolling then I don't know if
it is trying to think it struggles you
can't do that when people are falling
down dead it's crazy you can't do it it
was like closing off traffic to China
early you know and in deciding hey
listen this travel that China is not
smart back and forth we have to stop
that and people are really upset at him
that gets diminished by a tweet like I
think he wants people to like I think he
wants to median Hollywood the like of I
think that's what his supporters don't
understand I think he actually is a
creation in Hollywood all these people
that are like Hollywood Trump's taking
on Hollywood it's like he's a creation
of Hollywood this is the guy that loved
the Clintons up until he ran against
them well he wasn't talking so it's just
convenient that he became this crusader
against the elites the
he spent his entire life around well
that wasn't like his point was yeah I
know what they actually do cuz I used to
pay them a hundred percent I mean that
was a point that people bought in with
they're like oh yeah this guy's gonna
fight on our behalf I've just never
believed that about any politicians I'm
an adult I think it's complicated like
every yeah you know you almost look at a
guy like him sure you today yes show get
that a guy like him can get through sure
you know like to understand the frailty
of the system yes he'll exploit yeah
hackers to like test you you're yes you
can get through Oregon they give a guy a
gun at the airport and all can you get
through Yeah right but I mean hackers
it's a famous thing that companies will
do the hire hackers to try to break into
their software yeah to find out as you
know what are what are our vulnerability
it's just this is a weird this is a
weird thing to run a simulation this is
a weird during a pandemic it might not
be the idea to run a simulation with a
guy and be like hey let's see I don't
think it's a simulation no I'm not some
vicious guy the exploit but now we know
the expert look having a popularity
contest to see who controls the nukes is
crazy it's crazy especially because
we're frivolous yeah what do we pay more
attention to the Kardashians who's right
today and I gotta be honest with you
they won't like if Kim Kardashian would
make a better president than a lot of
people a lot of people in Congress and
that's how that's how crazy it's got
that's what crazy that she's not the
worst not there she's not the worst
she's not the worst she's not the worst
she's a businesswoman no she's smart
she's working for prison reform she's
doing things yeah she goes to Trump yeah
helps people get out of jail that are
unjustly imprisoned she has for many
many people right now that's putting
something like more than 18 people have
been released because of Kim Kardashian
I think it's crazy Kim I'll go with you
if you want to go to the White House
I'll take I want to see you with a manga
hat on I will go there well yeah we're
any how do you think that would ruin
your Hollywood career I don't think if I
if I have a Hollywood career someone let
me know someone email me or call if I
have a Hollywood career I don't want
yeah my crews might in my apartment
that's better I mean that's the reality
my careers a microphone I get to see
what I want yeah I would like to Jaime
I'd like to be an extra
Curb Your Enthusiasm or something I
could do some very funny on a show like
that I guess Larry David has show where
he wore a maggot hats you wouldn't talk
to him that's a great efforts like one
of the few that's one of the really
funny great shows out there oh it's a
brilliant show but there's only a few of
those that are really that good and
there's a lot of garbage but like who is
who is like a Trump fan a open Trump fan
that's popular other than Kanye well
there's got a lot guys sports right guys
are Tom Brady and Tom Brady I don't
catch shit as far as Hollywood it's
Clint Eastwood Ozzie yeah I would
imagine I mean yeah I had that thing
where he pretended that Obama was
sitting next to me he had a conversation
with him yeah yeah it was a chair a
chair I think a lot of studios there's
probably a lot of if you did that in a
hospital I went to the Republican
convention they had me stand the podium
I just pretended that Obama was sitting
about to a chair let's got it but nobody
has the balls to go up the clinics we
can go let's not do this let's let's not
do this Clint but what kind of a
ridiculous proposition is that to print
pretend to have a conversation with
someone yeah and then you you make up
their answers just like it was the same
reason that gal gadot and all those
people were like let's sing imagine and
no one said guys this is the worst idea
ever
I think Republican operatives put them
up to that if I was a Republican
operative I call Gail Goodell and I'm
like why don't you get a bunch of people
to sing imagine just walk by her yeah
yeah that's what we need
celebrities now like you can see how to
touch some of the marks near
quarantining in mansions and they're
like just use this time to breathe just
just be and just be okay with the
silence cook nourish yourself I'm like
people are jumping out of windows nobody
has any fucking money you Psychopaths
just take this time to do yoga to
breathe the earth is repairing itself I
love those people environmentalists
really the earth has repaired the air in
Los
Julis is so clear I'm like you're gonna
clearly see stabbings very soon Lex
Friedman put out an Instagram post a few
days ago explaining how many different
viruses are currently in contention
right now in a world war there's that
it's happening I'm looking for more
terrifying news but he was just saying
like this is there's Wars going on yeah
here it is look at this look at this
tweet there are 33 excuse me 320,000
Plus distinct viruses in mammals and a
hundred million plus in vertebrates
invertebrates and plants there's an epic
microscopic world war going on all
around us and inside us nature is
beautiful and horrifying source Anthony
at all viral diversity in mammals as on
in Lex Friedman le ex Fri DMA and Lex
Friedman his Instagram Lex who's been on
the podcast a bunch times this is a
genius and he's a fuckin genius oh how
depressing
stop what spending climate viruses nah
but we need to know this is what it is
doing I know we thought we were okay
yeah I think I mean we're gonna come out
of this with a better understanding of
the landscape a hundred percent yeah I
think that's that's the only good that I
see yeah we need to be silly and fun and
stupid and people need to not every day
look at models every look some new model
shows the old model it's like you know
dude unless it's a real like like it's
something that we need to do to stay
safe you don't inundate yourself with
coverage well that's my podcast there's
a reality of anytime there's a disaster
yeah is that some people can't keep the
shit together right and you find it
during disasters and one thing that you
do find is that there's going to be
people that make too much noise
what meaning they complain too much and
they're freaking out too much and they
make the experience bad for other people
right and that that's always been a
problem with human beings yeah it's just
we had the world set up so easy that
they were never tested before now
virtually every
on the planet is tested with a new
formative adversity in a new thing that
induces anxiety right these are new
things
yeah and we're expecting people that are
kind of weak to handle new things and
what I be mean I'm weak I mean
psychologically weak there's young
people that they they're they're prone
to indulgence they want too much
attention for their sorrow and their
anxiety to complain too much lying to
people and they exist well they they
those people are another thing that we
have to consider yeah they're they're
dealing with an unprecedented amount of
stress I think expecting them to handle
and that's yeah but I think I think it's
like people like our job is to kind of
if we can make this funny yeah if we can
if we can show that you know it is dark
but I make fun of dark stuff so that's
cool that's fine you know for me I just
think the challenge here is to just go
keep being funny be funny throughout and
then when you're able to get back
onstage and be funny
you'll be okay have fun yeah you'll be
okay if you if you curl up in a ball or
you just you know give in to the
temptation to be all doom and gloom
I'm Jim gloom plus funny you could be
doing bloomin funny I don't think we
necessarily have to be doomed blooms we
got to be realistic I didn't but even as
shit stands right now what does disease
go right still the best time to live
yeah human beings have ever experienced
well until next month with the Great
Depression by but listen what do you
think you just told me to bike on an
hour
it's the best time to Leslie should have
more than one yeah I should have known
couple guns okay it's a good point yeah
and boxes of bullets yeah what it is you
know it's good time to live but you need
you know you need weapon I read about a
house party in Bakersfield yeah people
got together they had a house party in
Bakersfield and someone fired off 94
shots and shot six people imagine 94
shell casings they found so you see if
you can find the story these are the
type of people that are gonna break
quarantine and those are human beings we
look but overall you have to be
impressed with the compliance
everybody's
everybody's basically doing the same
thing we're just staying at home and
going the grocery store instead and also
people are becoming rats people are
calling the cops I'm like there's people
that are call the cops on the kids
walking too close together and shit it's
like I don't I don't like when people
become rats on each other yeah I don't
like that did you see that yeah I don't
like that they're offering rewards I
think that's a whole other bigger
problem or your neighbors hug yeah yeah
do that man dude I don't like how
humanity so easily snaps into like yeah
like you know just informing on people I
don't love that I think that's something
in us that I hate I'm real nervous that
we're gonna have to have the antibodies
in us in order to be able to go places
well that's not gonna work because I
don't think a huge percentage of us have
had this virus no I don't think it's
gonna be like that I think they're gonna
either have a vaccine or have some sort
of antibody that they can give you oh
you know you're gonna need that little
plasma transfusion thing yeah exact time
I think I beat it I think I had it I
think we're gonna find out well I'm 23
months I'm confident because what if I
had it okay I'm gonna go congratulations
what if I beat it that's wild
well a few my friends have beat it like
I said Michael yo my friend Sturgill
Simpson he's got it right now yeah his
wife doesn't have it his kids don't have
it and he got it in Europe weeks ago
weird it's strange man it's weird man
it's weird I'm very excited to find out
I hope I I hope there's if it's if I do
have them I want it to be like a
ceremonial imagine a strange virus like
that though that gets into some people
and does nothing and other people
devastates them and devastates mostly
older people but occasionally
occasionally hell you know what it is
dude if you were to design a bioweapon
like you know a psychological weapon
this is psychological this I don't think
it's an effective bioweapon in the sense
that it doesn't kill enough people but
it is only that it kills everybody but
it's like it's gonna kill you too it's
gonna kill your family it's a very
effective psychological weapon cuz you
don't know who it's gonna kill well you
could say they're fine but you could
also say like what if you knew that it
was coming so you protected yourself and
your loved ones with some medicine the
only you knew and then you release this
shit and you watch it wreak havoc and
then when the stock market crashes you
start buying up stocks yeah and you just
start I'm speculating yeah
well it's just again it's very it's it's
it comes on the heels in China of some
massive protest yeah all not only China
but all around the world
do you imagine if one day we find out
that they released an artificially
created virus to cause a world pandemic
so they can get out of some political
shit be great imagine not great but it
would be amazing man if there was a
nation that was that evil that really
I'm not saying that yeah definitely not
saying to be almost bigger than imagine
how crazy that would be if something
like that did it could happen and I
think would be bigger than a nation it
would probably be some of the most
powerful people ever I mean I think that
would be bigger than one nation that
might be a lot of different people going
listen man we've just got a look if you
were China and you were evil I'm not
saying China is evil but if you were
let's just say we're in a movie looks
like China what's called the dark land
calling it the dark land very soon they
decided to release a virus yeah kills a
gigantic chunk of the population causes
everyone to stay home causes the market
to collapse and then dive in and start
buying up giant chunks of the the
businesses control these businesses
crazy it could absolutely happen and and
and we wouldn't know and you wouldn't be
able to prove it and it would take a
while to find out even though China is
now suppressing research into the
origins of the virus which is not a good
sign and that doctor disappeared mmm
none of these things are good none of
these are good oh but I'm not worried
you should be terrified why are you not
worried because you got to be a fatalist
at a certain point you got to go from
here if I'm if I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
that's what it is you got to be a
fatalist a certain point selling a
cowboy yeah I'm very zen you just got if
you're gonna go you're gonna go you know
when you know it's great one of my
friends was on a on a flight and that
was about two who's sitting next to
somebody got a community dance remaining
he was sitting there and he was working
and there was a
he was working on like a show there's a
producer behind them he's he's sitting
there the plains really rocky it's
getting really bad it's a stormy and he
goes you know whatever happens I had a
good life and the woman behind the
produce goes no you haven't
[Laughter]
[Music]
what are you talking about do you many
people work with someone they hate how
many people work with someone that they
think is fucking annoying and they just
change people it's a lot of people
there's no choice you got to do it you
got to show up now you work with
somebody you hate and they're coughing
imagine that now your co-workers
coughing oh my god and you're like
you're like I think Cynthia's got the
bug that dry cough dude it's got to be
terrifying to hear that next year you're
working and all you hear is oh that's
got to be crazy you'd be so angry you
get more sleep yeah why didn't she take
vitamin C yeah no one's thinking like
that but they're all like so helpful you
wash your hands why didn't she go to the
sauna no everyone's like glad she's dead
I'm getting out of here before I start
coughing mmm you know it's a tough it's
it's tough the idea that you could take
a bunch of people like in a workplace 20
people and you just make them become
friends it's great so you have to work
together every day if you're in an
office of 20 people and you same people
every day yeah they have to be your
friends well that's what like all those
elite fraternities like skull and bones
and shit the challenge of them is you
take 20 people you think are gonna be
leaders and they don't know each other
at all and then you force them to have
this lifelong bond how do you do that
you do it by like making them do
embarrassing shit in front of each other
that's the whole thing of like why those
institutions exist or like Harvard and
yeah all those places that are just take
very successful people that have you
know potential to be future leaders and
be influential people and like mold them
together and force them to create very
close bonds that's what all those secret
societies of eternities that's what all
that stuff's about so it's very
interesting that's what elite power
circles have done forever that's the
whole point of any of those things is to
just create bonds between people that
have no idea that each other existed
before
they wake up next to each other in
coffins or whatever well originally the
thing that people are always talking
about when it comes to conspiracy
theories about depopulation of the
planet yeah it's always like the elites
are going to depopulate the planet and
they're gonna kill you know 50% of the
population and then they're gonna take
over control things and it sounds
ridiculous right right it sounds
ridiculous until they have the robots
but if you know or you have a virus
right because it aren't the robots yet
they still need us to pick berries and
shit when they have the robots all bets
are off
yeah once AI advances to that level once
you see the self-driving cars pull that
stuff once you walk into a bank and a
robots like hello mr. Rogan then you're
like oh yeah weird we're going soon
they're gonna start stuffing bats and
chickens and get yeah yeah I think we
might not get it now I think if this if
this symbolizes the the new normal and
then this is this is like we're gonna
realize that these things are around us
and there are hundreds and millions of
them and they're they're constantly
morphing and evolving then you just
become yeah but maybe that's just what
the future is
maybe we live like mice you know that's
not even a life though terror but it's
not a life there's a lot of rats that's
not a life do you see that thing that I
say about rats he took me there rat wars
in New York I looked outside it was
beautiful I'm like fuck New York fuck
those people fuck those comedy purists
over there in New York now they're
living in a post-apocalyptic hellscape
were rats well they they you know when I
say go do this guy's podcast ago I
wouldn't do youtubers podcasts I'm like
you're an idiot some of those people are
stupid oh so they just wanted to stand
yeah yeah those people so I'm like you
know not all of them listen the funniest
people in the world you know were from
the East Coast are from the East Coast
but you know sometimes you can be a
little you could be a little
short-sighted well I think they're in
there's some the thing about podcasts is
there's so many of them so you go well
what is a podcast is it like this really
horrible one that I don't want to listen
to or is it like you know fucking some
really interesting well produced wond
reshow right
what is it what is what is a podcast how
yeah how is it what I do and also with
Dan Karlin dice yeah fuck are those the
same thing not really they're not but
what's interesting is like it's just the
edge you've always made this point about
comedy you've said comedy so many
different things right that's why you
have Nanette and then you have whatever
else like you have Sam yeah you have the
full spectrum Bob they look similar we
have the full very much so so that's the
whole thing so I think with podcasting
it's just it's not even a thing it's
just like it's just a platform it's a
technology yeah that allows everybody to
do whatever they want yeah it says it's
like having an Instagram page like my
Instagram page is very different than
daliyah's which is very different than
Kyle absolutely gunning is yeah
everybody's got a different thing that
they're doing with it and what a podcast
allows you to do it allows you to do
like a show or a thing without having
anybody else tell you what to do right
that's exactly it and it allows like you
think about what you're doing yeah a
fuck would ever tell you that's a good
thing to do no one would ever tell me
anything I've got a thing to do my whole
life no one would have ever looked at
anything I've said and said no do that
that's a great investment that house
especially like a podcast though right
like what do you want to do you just do
plan this out yeah just rant I just go I
just go about things I care about they
go get out of here go get out of here
that's I can't bring this to the
producer yeah they're like this is not
gonna work this is what people in mental
institutions do you think I'm gonna
bring that to network yes your idea
right you're gonna talk how are we gonna
sell that to kwibi
that things about to go bye-bye bye
well listen it's a it's a it's a mobile
streaming app that they launched during
a pandemic when most people are likely
watching TV on your couch going yeah I'm
not commuting anymore it's a good time
for some things though right that the
gate with some high-profile guests yeah
I'm sure the 30 million unemployed
people are gonna be there tomorrow keep
buying it
there there there a little bit of
trouble and I don't have the facts to
back that up but I would I don't have
the stocks shirt shirts but I'm telling
you right now if I were them I'd start
preparing alternate strategies what's an
alternate strategy you know it's backed
by big people babe you know Meg Whitman
new tranny babe
Jeffrey Katzenberg dreamers in the
podcast yeah and they're brilliant
people I love their friends of mine hang
out at their house I'm best friends with
both really but when I watched a kwibi
launch then you have we hang it and we
hang out all the time when I watched a
kwibi launch thing they spent a lot of
that thing talking about how the movie
looks different if you hold it like this
and you hold it like that because if the
picture switches when you go like this
like that and I'm like if that's 50% of
the reason I need to have your thing
we're in deep trouble deep deep trouble
I mean it's just you know edit that all
out but you know what I mean it's like
you you know it would have been a great
idea in a world where everybody's maybe
commuting all the time this world even
when we come back dude a lot of people
are gonna be staying at home a lot of
companies are gonna go you're
non-essential we don't need you in the
office yes you can stay home no I think
for sure meetings are happening now
weird that it's like really good for
some things like Netflix great great
great for that it's great for that great
for pod can great for podcast great for
what else what else oh great terrible
for sports terrible for support of
anybody yeah terrible for sports
terrible for live entertainment terrible
for anything that were you know
festivals at concerts and things like
that you know live events your live pod
can't kill Tony is with the biggest live
podcast in the world can't do it it's
hard for that things like that but what
it is good for is for streaming services
for content for online podcast things
like that you know probably for you know
for you know these these networks and
apps that allow you to communicate with
a lot of people at once like things like
zoom you know these things are these
things are gonna be big probably too big
for zoom right yeah that was the problem
yeah and then you know there's probably
gonna be some some things that go by the
wayside because of this yeah like this
might kill movie theaters this is why I
read an article by AMC that said that
they're they they may not reopen they've
they've been downgraded from like bad to
like fucked yeah yeah so they're in
trouble
but it's also a lot of people would like
to just be able to get the movies at
home you know one cares and who's there
it's kind of forced their hands so
apples got like on iMovie or I what is
the I home I TV was not
but they're living in a horror show so
when they try to watch a movie it's like
someone's giving birth in the next room
so the problem is some people go to the
movie theater as an escape right so the
reality is depending on how much you
know it's like you're sitting on the
couch at grandmother's Dinah Corona
you're like I'm trying to watch a film
here and this bitch is hacking her lung
up in my house so some people need those
things yeah yeah movie I think something
will come back dude or some it'll be
some hipster bullshit thing that they'll
go away for a few years and they'll
bring it back like remember this well
those are the big ones when you go to a
town yeah like a local movie theater the
real butter on the popcorn and shows in
Bozeman Montana we saw Back to the
Future that's gray head back to the
future and the movie theater so it's
like this is amazed and it's like one of
those but the seats suck right no they
were good okay drive-ins could come back
people have been like 1950s drive it how
many people get jerked off at a drive-in
that's a number that's like almost
uncountable it's crazy 80% of the people
were getting jerked off at drive-ins if
they saw a movie there they got jerked
off 80% of the time that's so funny
it's so funny now how violent movies are
getting jerked off to just a violent
film you know just a horrific once punch
is 12 years a slave and you're getting
jerked off it's like god this is rough
mmm that's that's that's that's just way
it is she's gotta do it I'm you know I'm
cautiously optimistic I'm curious yeah
I'm curious how this is gonna go down I
think you made a good point it makes me
think about health differently and the
necessity of like really trying to turn
you know take care of myself better
because you want to be able to fight
these things off think about it like the
Three Little Pigs okay so what it is is
the idea protect yourself from a wolf
bitch make a real fucking house but if I
press antibodies it means that I got
bricks maybe and that's crazy
maybe it comes back we don't know what
this fucking thing we don't know we
don't
if it's real it's probably not real it's
5g yeah burn inside fucking morons what
is fun I don't even know what 5g I got a
higher speed internet it's it's it's a
new bandwidth you don't think there
could be some issues with that life it
could be right but it's a new thing so
when the when you have like video files
you have to download it download like
yeah we come flying in man I just know
that everybody - everything's like
everything is one conspiracy now
everything's like it's a it's it's
Knights Templar and 5g and I'm like guys
my phone 5g I never used it once I have
a Galaxy Note then that's 5g it's never
guys range and I don't even have any of
the G's I have like the ones the most
embarrassing service branches for people
who have no control over their own life
is that true it's a bad service it's not
good Verizon an 18 tier for legit people
hate CNT sketchy yeah it's not for
people like to talk on the phone the
good thing about the eighties you can
pretend your signal sucks
sorry that I gotta go yeah Verizon seems
to be able to hold more horizons to one
that everyone but the fact that there's
dead spots anywhere in 2020 fuck to you
yeah in China you could be on the top of
a mountain in the middle of nowhere and
you get five bars those motherfuckers
are wired
I know but 21 million people lost those
cellphones on the mountain
they lost those phones goodbye we'll
tell them what it is 21 million cell
phone subscribers and no longer online
yeah so that means and such cell phones
are would attract people in China so the
government loves people having them yeah
so the idea that 21 million disappeared
might suggest you know the death toll is
higher or the other option maybe they
were saying what it also could be would
be that a lot of people at two lines and
then with the pandemic hit they'd lost
the ability to hold two lines anymore so
the cancel boy it feels like there's a
group of people that are trying to push
the war with China narrative you start
to feel that like hey maybe let's hey
let's they're the enemy let's fight them
and it's like they probably are the
enemy but do we need a war now right
course not we don't know China that's a
real that's a real world yeah let's just
take a break yeah a war with China is
not like a war with Afghanistan oh
that's a serious war
yeah we don't need that with an army
that's huge and super powerful and as
nuclear weapons and just let's just
pretend they did like those people on
fire that were sick hey if they did
everybody mention to you everybody makes
mistakes imagine what they'll do to you
have they dogs if I was in a closed-door
meeting and they said we torch 20
million of our people I'd go hey no this
is you know this is the way you do it do
you really want to fuck with people who
eat bats no think you do no I think I
think you're dealing with a billion
let's just let them do their thing let's
do our thing we don't need a war I don't
need to go there and eat a bat well it's
also there they're already there
imprisoned by their government it's such
a we're not against Chinese people no no
one is an omni and not even I'm not even
saying I'm against the Chinese
government I'm saying that the Chinese
government is for sure a dictators
you're an authoritarian government and
well we don't want to lie we could we
can slide in that direction in America
I'm just saying well yes it is what it
is that's that's what I think the worry
is the people who call that out which is
true but they also should realize we can
slide there yeah this is my point as
always I mean that we're human beings
just like them and they are doing it
that way you know they have a
dictatorship that tells them what to do
in 2020 there's no difference between
them and us it's just they're in a
different part of the world right but
that could be us could be us gotta be
careful yeah we gotta be real careful
right especially right now because those
rights they slip away the chip away out
and they never get them back right and
you know Michael Shermer and I were
having the conversation about being able
to talk to people that you don't agree
with and how important that is yeah he
wrote a book about giving the devil is
do it being able to talk to people to
disagree with well des this is all this
is what this all relates to this kind of
the this thing that's going on here you
got a head like there's got to be open
discourse right you can't shut down
absolutely where you go no they can't
shut down what you do you have to have
freedom because freedom that you can
tell me what to do for some strange
reason maybe a person that decides to
tell me what to do I don't get that
that's why we started this country in
the first place like you we're gonna
slide towards safety so hard that's why
you got to deal with people's opinions
online that you don't like being
they have the right to express them
that's why I've always been like people
say things all the time and I'm like I
think that's abhorrent but they should
have the right to post it on you know my
aunt should have the right to use her
Facebook page
you know when the even though I think
she should be in jail I mean probably
also the people don't want people being
influenced by people that are full of
shit right little creatures or
televangelists or some suckers they
don't want but I'm not getting
influenced by them and you're not either
now so it doesn't work on people that
are paying attention so we're gonna
protect people that don't pay attention
and then the hucksters we're doing that
if we're not protecting young people
okay if we're protecting young people
how young when I was 21 you couldn't
have caught me with that stupid shit but
here's the other thing
those hucksters and preachers will just
get better so you can box him out
they'll just evolve and their messages
will get you know they'll figure out
what the people that are gonna get duped
they're gonna get doodoo they're gonna
get fucked that's part of the problem I
was always gonna buy that house cuz I'm
an idiot
well yo you were young - I was young and
it was fun but isn't that a part of what
we need to see around us - yes you need
to see failure you need that you cannot
you can't as you've said it like nerf
the world you can't make it seem for
everybody people got to deal with things
and learn how to deal with the baguette
arm or get immunity and the quarantine
send us back out today gavin newsom send
us out right now I got antibodies I
don't care we're gonna find out this is
great so he's just sitting out there
with a needle yeah they're ready they're
sharpening up their needles and getting
out the alcohol pads Wow yes this is
wild gonna find out what's up I'm
excited I hope I don't have shit I bet I
don't but you never even got a cold I
bet I don't it's green light I was sick
all right shall we wrap it up yes thank
you I'm doing thank you so much
everybody your podcast the Tim Dylan
show it's a fact free zone come there
[Laughter]
the Tim Jay Dylan on TI ll went on
Instagram and Twitter it's a lot of fun
over there
thank you for thank you thanks everybody
thanks guys fine
I hope I get fucking this clean
[Music]